Avinash Singh                                                              nashjackman@gmail.com
Kalwa (E), Thane                                                           +91 9321462473

Master Trainer * Instructional Designer * Training/Learning Manager
      Analyze to understand the alignment of company goals to individual goals and devise ways to
       find the gap with respect to job roles  performance expected v/s performance delivered
      Design training interventions to fill the gaps using a variety of ways & evaluate the value and
       effectiveness of every training intervention
      Manage the learning cycle, through various employee engagement processes and run
       programs to develop different job skills, soft skills, enhance employee motivation etc.
      Create a pool of efficient trainers, by running Train the Trainer(TTT) programs, to achieve
       overall organizational and employee educational goals

Housing.com, Powai  Mumbai                                                           2014 - present
Content Manager                                                                         2016  present
Quality/Process Trainer                                                                 2014  2016
As a new trainer was quickly made in-charge to overlook a new Broker Telesales Process in call
center, comprising of 93 agents. Using gamification and training was able to help achieve a whopping
42k property listings in a span of 50 days.
In the next 1  year, helped in creating structure in the training department by creating centralized
training content repository, introduced LMS & KMS platforms, created training calendars and helped
PAN India trainers to understand and deliver trainings based on the TNA/TNI generated.
Content Management & Delivery
     Analyze Training Need: Initiated TNA/TNI by getting in touch with vertical managers, floating
        needs assessments and understood KSAs of the particular job role to create learning
        objectives(followed ADDIE principle)
     Instructional Design: Based on the identified learning objectives, created design documents/
        storyboards/scripts for training content, and developed it in various formats like
        presentations, flashcards, video tutorials, update documents etc.
     Training Delivery: Created some modules like Sales Training for beginners, which required TTT
        and hence delivered it at a location to demonstrate it. Also handled TTTs, MDP and other
        higher level inductions like that of RBMs & SBMs
     Evaluation: Checked training effectiveness and monitored learning as well as transition from
        knowledge to application, for new process/product trainings as well as on-going refresher
        trainings; along with trainer audits & performance reviews(followed Kirkpatricks model)
     LMS & KMS: Created video tutorials and walk-throughs for all the products and processes.
        Also created modules on soft-skills & behavioral aspects to ensure an overall development.
        KMS or knowledge base was created for every vertical to help with easy access to required
        information irrespective of learner location, in a secure set-up
Liaison with External Vendors
     TTT  Dale Carnegie: Helped in end-to-end co-ordination with respect to workshop including
        no. of days, price etc. and got 25 trainers certified. The overall package including stay, travel
        and program details was coordinated to the T
     Training Videos: Helped in creation of 180 minute videos related to process and soft-skills;
        was actively involved in scripting, storyline, shooting, graphics and dubbing of all videos
Mexus Education Pvt. Ltd., Andheri  Mumbai                                            2010 - 2014
Zonal Academic Manager                                                                2013 - 2014
Territory Academic Manager                                                           2011 - 2013
Sr. Executive Training                                                               2010 - 2011
As an academic trainer travelled across India to train teachers on the use of technology and its
advantages in schools; was promoted to handle Mumbai as a Manager. Eventually studied
educational & developmental psychology to train teachers from K-12 on holistic learning.
As a Zonal Academic Manager for West; helped trainers to do TNA and deliver academic orientation,
interact with schools and also helped with up-selling along with demonstrations
      Conducted TNA/TNI for trainers according to their KRAs and identified KSAs required for job
      Designed, developed & delivered trainings to close the gaps in knowledge and application
      Monitored performance through timely reviews and trainer audits
      Created training calendars and maintained all training MIS through dedicated executives
      Created SOPs for all products, process & services along with academic orientations

Spear Business Academy, Thane                                                          2010 - 2010
Training Center Head  Academics                                                            2010  2010
As a center head for a training institute, delivered all trainings related to Management Programs as a
part of Certified Business Professional a 1 year professional certification by IBTA  Illinois (USA).
The job also involved, creating a new English Language Learning course, counsel students, convert
aspirants for TTT program and contribute in the overall running of the center.
     Training delivery for all management programs (HR, Operations, Business, and Marketing)
     Training design, development & delivery for Certificate in English & Personality Development
     Overall center management and co-ordination
     Driving sales & marketing for increase in no. of admissions
     Co-ordination with other centers and head office for smooth operation of the center

Speakwell English Academy, Chembur  Mumbai                                            2009 - 2010
Trainer -Voice & Accent & Personality Development                                       2009  2010
As a trainer, helped students of all ages learn the nuances of English language; including grammar,
voice and accent and overall personality development.
     Training for basic & advance English conversation skills
     Accent neutralization
     Training delivery on modules of Goal Setting & Personality Development
     Emphasizing on learning of all 4 skills namely listening, speaking, reading & writing

Rashtriya Engineer Works, Chembur  Mumbai                                             2007 - 2009
HR Executive  Administration                                                    2007  2009
As a single point of contact maintained smooth functioning of the office.
     One Point Contact between Labor, Junior and Senior Staff Members
     Maintaining Database for Attendance
     Processing Staff Salary & Bonus
     Keeping Record of Work orders, Challan, Cash Memo, Bills, Payments, and Receipts
International BPO, Mumbai                                                           2004 - 2006
Senior Customer Service Representative                                                2004  2006
As a customer service representative, interacted with customers to resolve their queries.
     Handling Customer Calls
     Resolving Queries and helping customers
     Handling Supervisor/Escalated calls of irate customers
     Handling correspondence
     Training on floor OJT batch
     Training new agents on process knowledge & taking calls

Education
      PG Diploma in Instructional Design, Symbiosis  Pune, 2014
      PG Diploma in HR Management, Welingkars Institute, 2007
      BSc. Chemistry & Industrial Chemistry, D.G. Ruparel College  Mumbai, 2004
