                                       BENISHA DSOUZA

                              Benz1431@gmail.com+91 98672 05668 +91 6955 3377
              B 203, Dharmendra CHS, Holy Cross Road, I.C. Colony, Borivali West, Mumbai 400103
                                           Passport #H10001234



                                                 ABOUT ME
  A results-driven, training development manager with proven track record in setting a new team, strategizing, team
bonding and engaging various individuals to work as a cohesive function in order to achieve high standards of on time
                                      delivery and performance in operations.

 My Core Skills also include building, designing, delivering and producing training content for both the facilitator and
participant in a manner to motivate team members to perform and deliver results to customers satisfaction, and assist
                                   the Company in achieving its strategic objectives.

Conceptualizing and designing need based training modules (using ADDIE) for developing a multi-skilled work force
                 for cross utilization within sub processes in order to achieve optimum efficiency.

 Proficient at managing and leading teams for running successful process operations, and experienced in developing
                              procedures and service standards for business excellence.




                                  KEY STRENGTHS INCLUDE:
                    Team Engagement and interpersonal skills to outperform on a daily basis.
      Excellent communication skills, proven ability in team management and maintaining professional relations
                                                within the organization.
         Sourcing, developing and consistently improving training content and delivering methodologies.
                  Building, designing & delivering training material to produce out performers.
      Training bottom quartile members to improve their performance and efficiency on the operations floor, by
                           continuously monitoring them along with other team members.
              Successfully implementing smooth transition of processes for international operations.
        Innovative creative skills to design & develop various training modules, customized to the audience.
       Using Instructional Design & Development techniques and Info graphics to deliver the objectives and
                                  content as per the requirements of the organization.




                                                        
                                          Benisha Dsouza




                                WORK EXPERIENCE
             Currently working with First Source Limited  Navi Mumbai
                                   Date of joining 10th July 2015

                            Position  Assistant Training Manager
                   Client Designation  Sr. Training Development Manager
                                   Client  British Telecom

Job Profile  Setting up and managing a multi functional training team:
The team 
               Pre Process Trainers  A team of individuals who have excellent communication and
                facilitations skills to train New Hire Batches with Pre Process or Soft Skills content. Other
                activities include supporting operations with OJT and BAU with communication coaching
                on daily calls.
               Comms Coaches  A team of individuals who had good communication skills and they
                would support OJT and BAU with communication coaching on daily calls. A pre process
                trainer can be a coach as well.
               Process Trainers  A team of individuals who had excellent knowledge about the process
                and its content. They were to keep abreast of all the changes and updates along with being
                well versed with the content so as to ensure it was delivered effectively

Tasks Managed 
               New Hire Training  Meet all new hires on Induction Day and set expectations and induct
                them to the training methodology.
               Improvement of Hire Quality  based on Induction and Day 1 observation by me and my
                team, we would highlight the quality of the trainees so that we can close loop any profiles
                that are not fit for the job. Work closely with the hiring team on a regular basis to ensure the
                output delivered to operations is at the business requirement.
               Grad Bay/OJT  Ensure all trainees are aware of the glide path during GradBay or OJT
                post training. Also ensure their Performance is managed and supported during OJT by my
                team.
               Floor Projects  Be a Key part of multiple floor support projects to bring in improvement
                in struggling areas in the operational floor. Assign trainers to work on the project and send
                weekly reports. EG  LACHT, Repeats
               Centre Roll Outs  Key part of multiple center based roll outs for new products and
                services. This involved analysis, design & development pre delivery along with working

                                                  2
                                           Benisha Dsouza




                 closely with the SQ Team and co-ordinate with the WFM team to ensure maximum
                 coverage. EG  Driving completion of CBTs and Mandates.
                Change of LOB  Ensure all new trainees were aware of the 2 LOBs  Voice and Chat to
                 ensure smooth transitioning from voice to chat and vice versa with least attrition.
                Throughput Management  ensure each batch delivers the desired yield of more than
                 80% and ensure the department meets its business targets.
                Weekly, Forthnightly and Monthly Reviews  Prep and create decks for the all the
                 training reviews which included displaying the yields, analysis on attrition reasons
                 (controllable and un-controllable), trainer utilization and build visibility on all tasks managed
                 by training.
                Training Calibrations  chair and conduct weekly calibration session with Recruitment,
                 HR, Operations and training to ensure we all work towards the common goal of delivering
                 good quality hires who can manage the performance required by the client.
                Performance Management  weekly and monthly one on one catch ups, redesigned the
                 Trainer Goals to match their tasks, review performance regularly to map their current
                 performance to the targets.

                                                 


           Last working with Tech Mahindra Business Services Mumbai
     Date of joining 7th November 2005 when the company was Hutchison 3 Global Services
                   Date of leaving 19th January 2015 due to personal reasons.

                                 Recent Position  Sr. Trainer
   Training Certification  In house TTT(Train the Trainer) and Dale Carnegie Certification

                       Joined the training team in June 2009 as a Loan Trainer
                 Then got promoted to Trainer on 1st October 2009 further which,
                        I was promoted to a Senior Trainer on 1st April 2014.
Job Profile  Training initially for Sales Support and then multiple departments across the Centre:
                New Hire Training  Facilitation of New Hire Training classroom training for 10
                 departments across both the brands (3 and Vodafone)
                New Hire Model Office  Model Office or OJT Performance Management immediately
                 after classroom training
                Floor Projects  Key part of multiple floor support projects to bring in improvement in
                 struggling areas in the operational floor. EG  Transfer reduction

                                                    3
                                                Benisha Dsouza




                      Centre Roll Outs  Key part of multiple center based roll outs for new products and
                       services. This involved analysis, design & development pre delivery along with working
                       closely with the Change Team (here and Australia), the WFM team and all Impacted
                       Operational Departments to ensure maximum coverage. EG  iPhone 4S launch, iPhone 6
                       and iPhone 6 Plus launch.
                      New Department Set Up  Being an integral part of new department migrations from
                       Australia to India. This included setting up the content and training modules from grassroots
                       and modifying them by real time monitoring and analysis once the department goes live. EG
                        Online Exception Team and Delivery Queue.
                      Content Design and Development  Managed Schedules, Trackers, Participant Guides,
                       Process Modules, SOPs and other learning tools for all my 10 departments.
                      Standardized Content  Managed end to end content creation of all the Leader Guides and
                       Participant Guides for the entire training team. This also included getting them signed off by
                       the Learning team in Australia without any challenges.
                      Department Projects  Was a key member of multiple department based projects like
                       Quarterly Awards and other re-creational events. I managed the main communication piece
                       which required multiple mailers, teasers, creative concepts and finally the epilogues.

      Initially started as a Customer Service Advisoron 7th November 2005 and moved up to Lead Advisor.
        Job Profile  Worked with multiple departments as an Advisor starting with:
                      VAS  An add on sales process
                      Tiger Migration  Migrating Orange CDMA to 3
                      Verification  Verification of all sales made by the sales team
                      Sales Support  Support to the multiple stores in Australia.
                      Sales Support Escalation  Part of their escalation and back office team managing store
                       escalations and dealing with store and regional managers in Australia.
                      Was also a part of their Super Buddy team managing new hires in their OJT phase.This
                       included side by side coaching and performance management for New Hire Trainees.

                                                      

         VCollect Global Services Ltd later changed to Quantum Global Services Ltd.Mumbai
                              Super Collectorfrom9th May 2005  30st October 2005
        Job Profile  Waswith their third party credit card collection process managing collections and
escalations. Along with that I was also an In House PRO who set and managed organization newsletter,
events and the floor Incentive Program.


                                                        4
                                               Benisha Dsouza




                                                     

                    Intelenet Global Services Ltd. now known as SercoMumbai
                   Senior Customer Service Executive from5th April 2004  30st April 2005
     Job Profile  Waswith HouseHold Bank (HSBC) in their first party collection process till Jan
     28th 2005 and thereafter was transferred to their customer service process, due to the closing down
     of the collection process.

                                                     
                                  MsorucE now known as MphasiS Pune
                    Customer Service Executivefrom29th May 2003  31st March 2004
     Job Profile  Was with their CitiBank first party collection process known as Sunshine

                                                     

                                            Indian Express Pune
                      Part Time Sales Executivefrom1st July 1999  30th September 1999
                         Job Profile  Was part of their sales promotional project

                                                     

                     HOBBY RELATED WORK EXPERIENCE
                                       Ashoka Tandoori Nights Pune
            Job Profile  Manager In charge of a tandoori specialty restaurant located in Pune

                                       Events and Promotions Pune
                 Job Profile  Promotions of various brands like Bru, Pepsi, and McDowells.

                            J B Martin, Mumbas no.1 Roast Master  Mumbai
Job Profile  Currently supporting in the family catering business especially during festivals like Thanks Giving
                                 Christmas, Carnival, Easter, Halloween, Etc.



                                                     

                                                  SKILLS
                                                  Facilitation
                                            Coaching and Feedback
                                              Interpersonal Skills
                                                Client Servicing
                                       Customer Experience & Resolution
                                                       5
                Benisha Dsouza




               Instructor Led Training
                  Hands on Training
                      Leadership
         Content Design and Development
 E-Learn/Online Learning & Management Systems
               Employee Engagement
                 Team Management
            Organizational Development
              Softs Skills and Grammar
             Performance Management
              Data Analysis and Trends
          On Time and Accurate Reporting
             Strategic Communications
         Cross Functional Team Leadership
 Read, Write and Speak  English, Hindi & Marathi
 Can also understand and speak French & Gujarati


                     

             EDUCATION
       March/April 2014 TYBCOM 67%
       March/April 2003 SYBCOM 56%
       March/April 2002 FYBCOM 56%
            February 2001 HSC 73%
              March 1999 SSC 69%
              May 2001 SAT I 960
            February 2004 CAT 54%
       Basic Computer course from NIIT
   Module 1&2 (C, C++ and Java) from Aptech

HOBBIES AND INTERESTS
               Reading & writing
                Collecting Books
                  Art and Craft
                     Fishing
          Meet and Interact with people
                    Travelling
                      Baking

                     

PERSONAL INFORMATION
           Date of Birth  14th Jan 1984
             Marital Status  Married

                        6
Benisha Dsouza




      7
