                                                         RESUME




DILIPKUMAR.S
Mob No: +919900315456




STRENGTH:

Flexible to any environment can perform well even in groups, to accept the organization as my family and work
wholeheartedly.


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

BACHELOR OF ARTS SHESHADRIPURAM DEGREE COLLEGE 2007 TO 2010(BANGALORE)

PUC        - GANGAMMA THIMMAYA GOV PU COLLEGE 2005 to 2007 (BANGALORE)

SSLC - GANGAMMA M THIMMAYA GOV SCHOOL 2005 (BANGALORE)




COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE:

          Basics Course - MSWORD, MS EXEL, MS POWER POINT
       English Typing




WORK EXPERIENCE:

      1.   Currently working at Spencer's Retail Ltd. as Regional Senior HR Executive Dec 2016 to Present. (Kerala

           Region)

      2.   Last Working at Big Basket as a Hub HR Executive 16.Oct.2015 to 31.05.2016

      3.   HERITAGE FOODS LTD 18.Jun.2014 to 12.Oct.2015 as a HR Regional Executive.

      4.   MAXHYPER MARKET INDIA PVT LTD (Auchan Hyper Markets) 03.Mar.10 to 28.Feb.2014 As a HR Executive
    December16 till date                     Spencers Retail Limited                           Sr. Executive - HR
    Reporting to Manager - HR
    Key Responsibilities:

    Recruitment:

   Recruitment for Kerala.
   Scrutinizing the resumes according to the position vacant, line up the candidates for the interviews.
   Interviewing the candidates along with Operations Managers and close with TAT offer.
   Preparation of offer letters as per company norms, issuing the same and ensuring that new joiners are taken care
    with the procedures related to the joining formalities.
   Handling Induction & Joining Formalities
   Coordinating with Recruitment Firms, Man Power Outsourcing Companies and NGOs & Attending Mega Job fairs
   Manpower costing and planning with inputs from business /department heads

Joining & On-boarding:

   Responsible for completion of all the joining formalities entailing collection and verification of documents for
    Team Members.
   Ensure that the employee ID is generated.
   Updating and maintenance of employee personnel files manually as well as in SAP.
   Coordinating with the Banks for opening Bank A/c for new joiners.
   Getting all the forms filled with respect to statutory compliance.
   Responsible for maintaining and updating the HR- Employee Master Database.
Training and Development:
   Co-coordinating the training of new employees.
   Nominating employees for the Team Member to Team Leader through (EED) for promotions.

    SAP HR-ACTIVITY:
       Hiring
       Confirmation, Extension of Probation
       Salary on Hold, Salary Release
       Change in Reporting, Payment Processing

    Payroll:

   Monitoring the preparations of Inputs file for all the regions every month and ensuring the attendance inputs from
    all the locations reach on time and are accurate.
   Ensuring all the newly joined employees are fed into the Master Payroll.
   Calculation of Incentives of all the regions and ensure that eligibility criteria is followed.
   Clarifying the queries of the employees related to salaries and their grievances.
   Maintain the leave Cards of employees and grant leave according to the eligibility criteria and guiding my
    subordinates in preparation of the inputs with minimum error percentage.
   Verification of Medical Claims of Employees and updating the same in SAP.



    MIS:

   Maintenance of MIS Report of the Region.
   Maintaining the attrition data month on month.
   Handling Man Power Tracker and Recruitment Tracker for entire Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka Regions.
   Maintain and analyse different reports on, HR dashboard, recruitment status, employee productivity and
    manpower cost analysis.
   Maintaining systematic records of the entire database in an effective and efficient manner also handling
    recruitment reports on monthly basis.
   Preparing and maintaining joining forms, employee suggestions, and exit interview forms, attrition analysis, exit
    interview and headcount report.

DATABASE MANAGEMENT

   Managing the Database / personal files of all Employees.
   Responsible for Attendance/Leave/Time Sheet Management.
   Maintaining and updating the skill matrix of all Employees.
   Handling and resolving employee queries through HR Help Desk.


Employee Grading & Compensation:
   Dealing Mediclaim (Insurance) related issues and processing the same by coordinating with the concerned
    agencies.
   Processing increments.
   Promotions.
   Relocations Allowances & deployments & benefits for employees across the region.

Employee Relation/Employee Engagement:

   Celebration of employees' personal achievements & Birthdays.
   Ensure that the employees are always motivated to keep them involved in business and to achieve their given
    targets.
   Prepare agenda for weekend fun meet and execute the same as per the plans.
   Celebrating staffs Birthdays and thereby making them feel important.
   Festivals celebrations.
   One-to-One meeting.
   Conducting Fun@Work programme based on themes given.
   Distributing Star Cards, Monthly Awards, Quarterly Awards, Annual Awards and Wedding Gift Vouchers.
Employee Grievances

   Handling the employee issues and conducting proper follow ups with concerned departments along with
    counseling sessions with employees and facilitating skip level meetings.
   Constantly striving to be proactive in all employees issues and taking actions to solve day to day problems of
    staff and workers.
   Clear understanding of the importance of timely redressal of grievances. Able to resolve inter & Intra group
    conflicts.

    Employee separation:


   Conduct exit interview to identify reasons for employee resignation.
   Monitoring relieving procedures and proper full & final settlement, considering exit interview forms, no due
    certificate.

Admin Responsibilities

   Airport Pick Up & Local Transfer arrangement for Expatriates
   Handle Contract Labour Management
   Handling House-Keeping & Security management
   Monthly vendor bill clearance
   Arrangements for Hotel Bookings
   Housekeeping Management of vendor as per SLA and upkeep of the office premises and guest house
   Organise ID cards, & Email ID
Oct15 to May16                                Big Basket                                Hub Executive - HR
Reporting to Manager - HR


    Recruitment & Selection:

    Sourcing the profiles from different job portals (Naukri, Monster)
    Shortlist the relevant profiles based on the Job description.
    Posting advertisements and mass mailing on Portals as per the requirement given.
    First level filtering of candidates through telephonic interviews
    Manpower planning & approvals, Resume database, referral management, Reference check, Release of offer
     letters.


    Joining formalities and Induction:

    Completion of Joining Formalities like PF nominations forms, Photographs, ESI declarations forms, ID Cards,
     Bank accounts.
    Introduction with all employees
    Maintain Employee personal file, etc.
    Periodical updating of Employee Master Database file.


    Payroll:

    Maintaining attendance details, over time and leave registers of all employees.
    Preparing the Annual leave with wages.
    Handling of Wage and Salary Administration.
    Generation of Pay sheets, pay slips, and forwarding to all Stores.
    Deductions of Loans, Advances, TDS and Cell Phone bills given by Accounts department.
    Handle pay related grievances and salary revisions.



     Employee Engagement Activities:

    Conducting Daily, Weekly, Monthly R&R Activity.

    Fun at work, Quiz, Team Activities


     Performance Management:

    Coordinate with the Head of Departments for appraisals. Implement salary Structure based on the
     increment % decided and issue letters to the employees.

    Statutory:
    Generation of Statutory Challans like Online E.S.I payments.
    Labor Welfare Fund, annual Returns.



    Provident Fund:

    Submission of Monthly returns, Annual returns, Form 19 & and 10 c


     E.S.I:

    ESI online challan, supplementary challan generation, Register new IP details.


    Gratuity:

    Renewal of Group Gratuity and submission of Gratuity with drawl forms


    Contract & Renewals:

    Shops and Establishment and Contract labor act renewal of different clients Licenses, Security license,
     Annual Maintenance Contact
    Preparation of revised Quotations, Notification by the labor department and arrange for the implementation
     of the same.
    Checking the attendance for Contractor workers.


     Exit Formalities:

    Ensuring the resignation formalities
    Co-ordination the Exit interview.
    Preparing the Relieving letters and Service certificate.
    Preparing the full and final settlement.




Jun14 to Oct15                            Heritage Foods Ltd                          Regional Executive - HR
Reporting to Manager - HR


   Assisting joining formalities (Issuing offer letter, collection required documents from new joiners.
   Assisting in orient the employee towards the policies and procedures of the company
   Maintenance of employees personal file.
   Generating the new employees employee codes and issuing the appointment letters to employees.
   Checking grooming standards as per instructions.
   Assist monitoring the attendance regularly (bio-metric).
   Assisting to send daily presents and absentees details send to HO.
   The monthly salary inputs send to HO.
   To check and maintenance of employees OT record.
   To cover employees under ESIC, PF and Bank account no of employees.
   Managing the employees leaves records.
   Assisting the HRIS (Human resource information system) software.
   Assisting the EDB (Employee data base).
         Conducting Daily, Weekly, Monthly R&R Activity.
         Display of notices, certificates, abstracts extract, etc.
         Looking over employees period compliance.
         Co-coordinating for employees appraisals.
         Co-coordinating for Training & development.
         Motivating and retaining employees.
         Staff settlements. (F&F)




          HR Executive
          MAXHYPER MARKET INDIA PVT LTD (Auchan Hyper Markets 03.Mar.10To28.Feb.2014

         Assisting joining formalities (Issuing offer letter, collection required documents from new joiners.
         Assisting in orient the employee towards the policies and procedures of the company
         Maintenance of employees personal file.
         Generating the new employees employee codes and issuing the appointment letters to employees.
         Checking grooming standards as per instructions.
         Assist monitoring the attendance regularly (bio-metric).
         Assisting to send daily presents and absentees details send to HO.
         The monthly salary inputs send to HO.
         To check and maintenance of employees OT record.
         To cover employees under ESIC, PF and Bank account no of employees.
         Managing the employees leaves records.
         Assisting the HRIS (Human resource information system) software.
         Assisting the EDB (Employee data base).
         Conducting Daily, Weekly, Monthly R&R Activity.
         Display of notices, certificates, abstracts extract, etc.
         Looking over employees period compliance.
         Co-coordinating for employees appraisals.
         Co-coordinating for Training & development.
         Motivating and retaining employees.

         Staff settlements. (F&F)


PERSONAL PROFILE

Name                        :   DILIPKUMAR.S

Date of birth               :   12.05.1989

Marital status              :   Single

Father's name               :   SELVAM

Languages Known :      English, Hindi, Kannada, Tamil, and Telugu.

Address                     :   #94 10Cross, 3rd Stage, 3rd Block West of Chord Road
IndiranagarNearModi Hospital Bangalore - 560 010.

DECLARATION:

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Bangalore                                                               YOURS SINCERELY
                                                                                (DILIPKUMAR.S)
