Jitendra Vir Singh
jeet19vir@gmail.com
Mob: 91-9619808695,
1103 Aakash Ganga, Anushakti Nagar, Mumbai-94


Snapshot
    10.5 yrs of Marketing, Business development, Growth Strategy, RFP, Project management, Engineering estimation,
     Partnership and Contract management experience extensively in Infrastructure domain
    MBA in Marketing and Finance from Indian School of Business, Hyderabad, (Top tier B-School)
    Global experience of handling business in India, Middle East, Africa, South East Asia and Eastern Europe
    Proven track record of growing business and increasing market share through frontend sales & business
     development, joint ventures & consortiums leading to sustaining revenue with x % profit booking
    Strong negotiations skills with acumen of developing long term relations with clients leading to repeat orders
    Extensively experience with PSP model and PPP Model
    Part of KECs Young Executive Board (YEB), Developed growth strategy for FY 2013-14

Professional Experience
KEC International Ltd., Mumbai (Flagship Company of RPG Group)
Operating in more than 50 countries, KEC is one of the global leaders in Power Transmission & Distribution


Manager  Marketing & Business Development                                                                Jun 12  Present

    Heading Western & Northern region, Also holding BD responsibility for International markets (Africa, South
     East Asia, Eastern Europe)
       o Developed different sales strategy for different utilities, involving scanning of opportunities, estimation of
           available & addressable market, leading to development of annual sales funnel & target budget
       o Initiated business with PSUs (NTPC, NPCIL) and private industry (Reliance, Adani, TATA)
       o Identified & hired 6 strong liaisoners to target high potential Govt. utilities. Achieved 70% of the annual target
           ($60million) in a span of 6 months
    Played instrumental role in winning projects for more than $ 200M from Morocco, Algeria, Tanzania, Kenya,
     Mozambique, Philippines and Malaysia
       o Worked with Chief Eng. & Sup. Eng. of utilities regarding KECs prequalification issue and got KEC qualified
           in 90% of the floated tenders
       o Prepared bid strategy, procurement plan and arranged competitive prices from regional contractors
       o Developed strategically partnership with regional offices of suppliers such as ABB, Siemens and Alstom
    Managed multiple Joint ventures of KEC to broaden addressable market; got these J.V. approved by Govt. authorities
       o JV for Indian market - with CHEM (Taiwan) for $8 million MSETCL project & with PINGOA (China) for
           $20million Power Grid Project
       o JV for International market - with Al Mulla Group for $100M project in Kuwait, three party JV with Illyrian
           Consulting Engineers (Italy) and Shansi-Invest (Albania) for $40 M project in Montenegro, Europe
    Initiated a monthly power sector analysis report for CEO Power System, KEC. Report includes updates on power
     industry, competitors moves & their affects on KEC
    Development of Market intelligence tool (ERP-JD) to improve strike rate & competencies of tendering team
       o Leading a cross functional team to develop and implement this tool across all SBUs
    Included in KECs Young Executive Board (YEB), responsible for developing future strategy
      o Part of a team to develop growth strategy for FY 2013-14: Company decided to move to higher voltage (400-
           765 KV) and also to enter into Private Industry domain
Jitendra Vir Singh
Nuclear Power Corp. India Ltd, Mumbai (A leading PSU in Power generation)
Manager (SO-E)  RFP and Business Development                                                        Sep 08  Mar 11
Worked extensively on Private Sector Participation model, RFP & Contract fabrication and Consultants finalization
Awarded Gold medal from President of India for excellent contribution towards Department
   Spearheaded a divisional team of 6 officers to prepare RFP for more than 20 big budget (above $5M) projects
     o Led negotiations and facilitate open lines of communication with bidders leading to faster closure of contracts
         and removal of ambiguity at later stage
    Developed sales strategy for a 100 % indigenized developed product ( a multipurpose machine for Power plants)
      o Developed a variety of clientele, from private industries, to Govt. organizations, to independent contractors
      o Identified products applications in other areas. Generated the order for continuous production up to 5 years
    Prepared a road map for Public sector participation (PSP) Model; Presented it to CMD, NPCIL and other CXO
     level officials from Govt. and Industry
      o Identified and assessed potential partners such as L&T, Gammon, Honeywell, and PI-Germany. Doubled the no.
           of projects under PSP model in 3 years leading to 20% reduction in avg. project completion time

Manager (SO-D)  Contracts management and Bidding                                                     Sep 06  Aug 08
Represented department and developed high level relationships with top management of Indian and international
companies
    Prepared the contracts for challenging projects related to power plants such as Development & Installation of a
     vessel (7meter diameter & 7meter height), Manufacturing, Erection & Commissioning of super heater
      o Led cross-functional teams (10 members including 5 engineers) comprising people from planning, production
           & installation to prepare these contracts from end to end
    Developed partnership with Fermi Lab-USA, Led a team of 5 Indian & 3 US officials to participate in a project
     related to CERN, Switzerland
      o Won this project (Order- $ 40M) through competitive bid process against eight other bidders
    Member of a high level team constituted to increase nuclear power generation by five folds by 2020
      o Member of a task force to perform due diligence on companies such as GE Hitachi and Areva for potential
        partnership, framed key contractual conditions for $ 1500M deal between NPCIL and Areva
Project Engineer (SO-C)                                                                               Sep 03  Aug 06
    Managed and coordinated four projects (total value:$15M) for Power plants at Tarapur and Kota
      o Responsible for Project planning, Scheduling, Procurement, Subcontractor finalization, Type tests. Implemented
         MSP tool to improve efficiency in these projects.
    Projects value estimation for RFP based on design calculations
      o Used sophisticated Comp. Aided simulation tools (IDEAS, ANSYS) for quantity estimation
Anand Duplex Pvt. Ltd., Meerut (A Captive Power generation plant)

Graduate trainee in power generation department                                                      Aug 02  July 03

    Designed pressure vessel and oversaw fabrication of boiler for captive thermal power plant of 2 MW

Education
Indian School of Business, Hyderabad                                                                      Apr 11-Apr 12
    Post-Graduate Program in Management (Marketing & Finance) (CGPA 3.43/4.00, GMAT 730/800)
Homi Bhabha National Institute, Mumbai                                                                  Sep 03-Aug 04
    1 yr on job PG diploma in Power Engineering with rotational training in 4 units of BARC/NPCIL. Ranked 3rd among
     105 officers
U.P. Tech. University                                                                                   Apr 98-Jun 02
    Mechanical Engineering with honors (80.5 %), Ranked 2nd in class of 70 students (Top 5% in 1000 in university)
