                                   Rajiv Bhatt
 503, Purvi CHS Ltd, Mathuradas Cross Road, Kandivali (West), Mumbai 
                                     400 067.
      (R): +91 (22) 2807 6081 (M): 9320153590 Email: rajivbhatt37@gmail.com

PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE


   Looking forward for an organization that encourages individual growth and to
   attain a position of authority and responsibility and thereby achieving excellence through
   loyalty, dedication and hard work.



WORK EXPERIENCE


L & T Finance Ltd
Manager  Collections (Apr 15 - Current Date)

Responsibilities:

        Managing collections for NTW portfolio from X to 60 bucket for Ahmedabad /
         Bhopal / Udaipur / Jaipur location
        Handling In-house employees (on roll  20 nos) with regards to smooth flow for
         collections
        Monitoring of associates through software  EFFORT as per tour plan schedule for
         each associate
        Follow up with Regional call centre supervisors for pick up & referral cases
         conversion
        Achieving the targets through teamwork, controlling & monitoring the delinquency
         against the targets
        Conducting business related training to associates about companys policies &
         incentive structure
        Preparing MIS for monitoring the productivity of the associates
        Resolving PDC/ECS issue cases of associates
        Tracking daily DRR as per the pickups for the day & provide the target for better
         resolution
        Allocation & stamping of NTW cases for field associates
Reliance Communications Ltd
Customer Relationship Manager  Collections & Retentions (Dec 09  Apr 15)

Responsibilities:

      Co-ordination with customers (Key Accounts) with regards to smooth flow of
       Revenue for services being used like Internet Connectivity & various other
       communication solutions like PRI / Lease Line services etc.
      Major clients handled are  HDFC Bank, BSE, CDSL, ADAG Ent. Group etc.
      Handled (Retail & SME Accounts) since Jun-10 for smooth flow of revenue for retail
       & SME customers.
      Handling collection agencies, agency managers and field executives.
      Maintaining daily MIS at the end of the day for deposition of cash & cheque.
      Initiating waiver for the service issue cases after confirmation from the service
       assurance team for the regular flow of revenue.
      Handled (Wireless Business) since Dec-13 into collection & retention portfolio
      Meeting up Corporate customers in case of Bulk termination request, personal
       involvement for escalation received for multi MDN's a/c within SLA
      Follow up with network team with regards to network related issues, coordinating
       with store for P2P conversion for respective stores
      Co-ordination with stores for customers issues in churn bucket & regular customers.


ICICI Bank Ltd
Collection Manager (Senior Officer) Aurangabad & Mumbai (Oct 06 till Dec 09)

Responsibilities:

          Focus on handling the delinquencies and defaulters of the home loans
          Handling the agencies, agency managers and executive.
          Conducting business development activities by delivering presentation about
           companys product to the agencies and the executive.
          Looking after daily collections of the home loans.
          Achieving the targets through teamwork. Controlling & Monitoring the
           Delinquency against the yearly targets.
          Legal Proceedings (Dunning letters/Loan Recall Notices/Sec 138 etc).
          Feedback to Credit & Risk through monthly meeting & delinquency analysis
           highlighting the fraud cases encountered in the delinquency & finding ways to
           minimize the chances to commit future frauds.
          Monitoring of in-house depositions of cash/cheque & audit compliance.
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Co. Ltd
FPC (Financial Planning Consultant) - Banc assurance Channel (Apr 04 till Sep 06)

Responsibilities:

          It comprised of the promotional activities and efforts.
          To identify and acquire the potential investor from the branch database.
          Handling the HNI customers of the branch.
          Advising services & updates to Retail clients regarding market trends & their
           portfolio.
          Conducting business development activities by delivering presentation about
           companys product to branch staff.

        Worked as a Sales Executive in A TO Z Dept. Store & further promoted as Floor
         In-charge from Oct 02 till Mar 04.


  EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

   PGDFM from IGNOU (Indira Gandhi National Open University) - June 2013  Delhi
   University

   BCOM- May, 2002 securing IInd Class

   HSC in June, 1997 securing IInd Class

   SSC in June, 1995 securing Ist Class


  PERSONAL INFORMATION:
   Date of Birth                     :      April 3rd, 1980.
   Marital Status                    :      Married
   Caste / Religion / Nationality    :      Gujarati / Hindu / Indian
   Languages known                   :      English / Hindi / Marathi / Gujarati
   Hobbies                           :      Cricket, Music and Interacting with people
