VARTUL MITTAL
Gender: Male Nationality: Indian DOB: 25 Sept 1983 Hand Phone: +44-7448787818                Email: vratulmittal@gmail.com
Current Location - London, United Kingdom, Client  HSBC Global
Educational Record

SYMBIOSIS CENTER OF MANAGEMENT & HRD (SCMHRD)                                                                  Pune, India
Masters in Business Administration: Marketing & Operations (1st Class)                               May 2006  April 2008

COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING ROORKEE (COER)                                                                       Roorkee, India
Bachelors in Technology: Mechanical Engineering (1st Class)                                            Aug 2001- May 2005

Profile Summary

I am working as a Senior Consultant in Operations Strategy service area of Strategy & Transformation service line at IBM
Global Business Services. I have over to six years of domain experience and knowledge in Business/Operations Transformation,
Strategic Profit Improvement, Process Excellence, Business Process Management, Service Lifecycle Management and Product
Development Transformation. I have worked on large-scale Business/Operational Transformation projects with leading clients
in the Banking, Healthcare, Consumer Products Group and Retail industry.

With a proven track record of success in Business Process Consulting, BPM Technology Implementation, Business Analysis,
Decision Analytics and Best Practice Enablement my tenure with Kotak Mahindra Bank, Apollo Munich Health Insurance and
with various key clients of IBM exhibits continuous advancement in client-base growth and revenue generation.

I am excited to leverage the analytical, leadership and teamwork abilities gained through my academic and employment
experience while working in multi-cultural and international environments under high time pressure which have provided me
with the tools and skills necessary to perform well in a leadership role and to make a significant contribution at work.

Professional Work Experience

Senior Consultant, Strategy & Transformation - IBM Global Business Services                               (Jan09  Till date)
Key Responsibilities:
Operations Strategy Development:
   Work as part of a joint global sales team to identify and win potential opportunities within the Strategy & Transformation
    practice by conducting diagnostic studies, quantitative and qualitative research and analysis and formulating business
    proposals & models that enable clients to innovate and grow.
   Helping clients formulate operations strategies that align corporate and business strategy with organization, technology,
    and process strategy by communicating effectively with business and IT.
Project Delivery and Team Management:
   Lead small to medium-size teams to deliver projects for global clients, manage project economics including planning and
    budgeting, define deliverable content, manage stakeholders and ensure buy-in of proposed solutions to clients.
   Interact in short, onsite client engagements to gain a detailed understanding of client and prospect process improvement &
    performance improvement at the process and sub-process levels.
   Translate customer requirements into formal functional requirements and design documents and leading the efforts that
    culminate in client acceptance of the results.
Domain Development:
   Develop assets and methodologies, BCP-Business Continuity Plans, Risk Controls & Measures (RCM) , develop of points-of-
    view, research or white papers, support development of marketing collateral and deliver new and complex high quality
    solutions and roadmaps to clients in response to the business requirements.
   Utilize in-depth knowledge of Financial & operational analysis, Root Cause Analysis and Process and Risk assessment to
    manage development and support of complex products and services from product design to post-sale service.
People Development:
   Perform role of counselor and coach, provides input and guidance into the firms staffing process, and actively participates
    in staff recruitment and retention activities.
Industry Expertise:
   Provide industry experience in the Banking, Healthcare, CPG and Retail industry by reinventing customer relationships by
    designing customer-focused strategies that start with the voice of the customer and work backwards.
Senior Manager - Priority Banking, Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.                                            (May08  Jan09)
Key Responsibilities:
 Customer Relationship Management: Acquire, develop and maintain banking relationships with select group of High Net
  worth Priority customers through individualized customer service.
 Offer Investment advisory services to priority customers by regular presentations and discussions.
 Increase the wallet share of the customer by strengthening existing customer relationships.
 Focus on higher revenue generation by penetration of all products in all clients portfolios
 Coordinate with other group companies to provide seamless access to other products.
 Cross sell existing bank/third party products to priority customers.
 Track customer complaints/queries and turnaround times to ensure high level of customer satisfaction and provide
  information for product and service enhancements.

GET  Coca Cola India                                                                                    (Aug05  Mar06)
(Cross functional Rotation Assignments in Procurement, Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing.)
Key Responsibilities
Production - Company Owned Bottling Plant Operations (Dasna)
  Responsible for day to day operations of the factory production line and ensuring productivity goals are reached by way of
   increasing efficiencies and reduction of costs.
  Effective usage of production facility to meet set production, yield targets & minimize losses.
  To increase the mean time between failures and minimize equipment downtime.
  Co-ordination with engineers and operators for conducting daily, weekly & monthly preventive maintenance of line
   equipments to get the best yields and efficiency.
  Monitoring development with respect to cost, optimum resource utilization, time over-runs and quality compliance;
   evaluating production progress & taking adequate corrective actions.
  Involved in various process improvements for enhancing the P.E., M.E., power saving, consumable cost control and
   elimination of wastages.

Sales (NOIDA, Uttar Pradesh)
  Achieve Volume and Value targets by Month, QTR & Year
  Achieve Sales, Distribution and Display leadership with in area.
  Strengthen the Distribution network and manage the distributors productivity
  Execute Display & Merchandising guidelines in each & every channel of trade.
  Establish excellent rapport with managers of all key stores, and ensure enhanced presence of Cos products.
  Implement various promotions for the overall Market Share improvement.
  Coordinate Every Dealer Survey and Implement FIFO and No BBD stock loss targets.
  Ensure quality by maintaining Product & Package Scores & by reducing customer complaint response time.

(Summer Internship) - XEROX India Ltd. (Received the Best Project Award)

Market Research/Brand Re-Positioning                                                                      (Apr07-Jun07)
Growth Strategy Assignment - Arresting the erosion in SUPPIES business with special emphasis on channel significance and
distribution channel development.

Key Technical Skills

ERP: SAP- R/3, Functional Modules: Sales & Distribution, Materials Management and CRM
Mthodologies: CBM - Component Business Modeling, Function Point Analysis, Root Cause Analysis
  Proficient in MS Visio, MS Office, MS Project, WBM - Websphere Business Modeler, ARIS Toolkit, BPR Workflow, Project
   Management Tool  Primavera & Statistical Tools  SPSS.
  Certified in AMFI  Mutual Fund ( Advisors) Module by NSE at National Stock Exchange India
  Certified as a Corporate Agent of Insurance by Insurance Regulatory & Corporate Authority India
  Certified in Process Excellence Lean Six Sigma Green Belt by KPMG,2007 and IBM GBS, 2013
  Certified PRINCE2 Practitioner by APMG International

Linguistic Proficiency

English, Hindi, German (Basics)
