     Yogesh B Deshmukh
     Email-: yogiraj.yk@gmail.com
     Contact No. +91 99303 14948

    Job Objective

    Want to entail myself in a challenging environment offering scope for Growth & Development and an opportunity to
    apply my learning to effectively contribute towards the achievement of the organizational objective.

    Professional Synopsis

       Commerce Graduate with over 13 years of Insightful experience Group Business, Corporate Sales,
        Bancassurance & Channel Sales.
       Proven skills in managing Team Dynamics to work in sync with the corporate objectives and motivating them for
        achieving business and individuals goal.
       Conceptualizing and implementing services plan and policies for the organization, organizing promotional
        campaign and ensuring accomplishment of business goals.
       Effective communicator with excellent Corporate Presentation and Strong Analytical, Problem Solving &
        Organizational Abilities
       Presently pursuing part time Masters Degree in Marketing Management from Welingkar's Institute of
        Management.

    Organizational Exposure


    September 2013 till date                                       Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Ltd
Designation:    Business Development Manager (Manager) - Group Business

Key Role & Responsibilities: This role is responsible for ensuring the desired business objective across the territory
assigned for the Group Insurance Benefits comprising of Credit Life, GTL, Affinity & Voluntary Insurance Solutions

In addition the current role is responsible for supporting the tie-ups done by the group verticals by co-ordinating with the
internal stakeholders and the external agencies with a view to achieving desired sales throughout.

       Identify the group business opportunities in assigned territory
       Drive sales through relationship management
       Ensuring effective engagement with the partners concerned
       Building a credible pipeline of prospective clients
       Identify with customer and channel needs, devise fit and manage the presale and post sale activity
       Identify opportunities with the sales team for the various partners for up selling, cross selling
       Understanding client needs, developing customized client proposal, deliver client presentation
       New Account Acquisition and manager larger, critical accounts
       Providing competitive proposal and pricing while negotiating with Internal Stakeholders
       Monitoring and analyzing the relevant deal flow reporting structure
       Supporting the tie-ups done by the Group verticals
       Ensuring 100% retention of existing clients
       Revisit existing client portfolios periodically and build a strong rapport to ensure smooth operation
       Acting as a spoc between internal stakeholders and customers
       Implementation of group benefits comprising Credit Life, Affinity and Voluntary Insurance Solutions
       Identify geography and vertical wise areas for improvements
       Develop and maintain trusted business relationships with the alliance
       Ensure adherence to timelines and defined processes for lead monitoring
       Ensuring the desired business objectives across the territory assigned
       Providing on field support to the internal stakeholders/ External Agencies
       Provide assistance to in inquiry resolution to sales team
       Build and maintain strong bonding with internal group sales team and vertical heads and head business
        development on regular basis
       Subsequently building a rapport with existing clientele and prospective customers, key members of partnerships
        with the motive to drive sales and identify further business opportunities
       Promoting and selling Non Employer-employee benefits products
       Identify the business opportunities for Credit life & Affinity in assigned territory
       New Account Acquisition and manager larger, critical accounts
       Drive sales through relationship management, providing on field support to the internal stakeholders/ External
        Agencies
       Provide assistance to in inquiry resolution to sales team
       Provide support and assistance to address queries raised by customers
       Building a credible pipeline of prospective clients, understanding client needs, developing customized client
        proposal, deliver client presentation
       Providing competitive proposal and pricing while negotiating with Internal Stakeholders
       Being a key role player and mediator between sales force and customer for smooth client on-boarding.
       Track competition movements, wins/losses to ensure higher market share
       Ensuring 100% retention of existing clients
       Revisit existing client portfolios periodically and build a strong rapport to ensure smooth operation.
       Develop and maintain relationship with prospects, clients to maximize the business

    May 2007 to September 2013                                   ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co. Ltd
April 2010 - September 2013                             Designation: Sr. Financial Service Manager (Non-Sourcing)

Channel wise exposure
   April 2010  September 2013: India Infoline Limited, Religare Insurance Broking Ltd, Robin hood Ins, KM Dastur,
                            VIG Ins, SMC, Unicorn, NJ India Invest, Fullerton Securities & Wealth Ltd. (B&A)

    Key Achievements            Qualified for Trip to Thailand Contest in top 25 achievers across Pan India.
                                Awarded with Best FSM-non sourcing award in YUVA annual concert held at Mumbai.

Key Role & Responsibilities:
    Experience of Team Handling of 8-10 Team Members.
    Visiting respective partner branches allotted to me.
    Motivating Team members and Partner RMs to achieve monthly targets.
    Identifying opportunities through Existing Customer database.
    For further follow-ups going on joint calls.
    Identify poor performing team members and arrange for L & D programmes to improve their skills
    Providing regular training to team members & Partner RMs and updating their Selling skills and Processes
    Upgrading and monitoring performance of Employees and making them more competent to understand customer
       needs and providing customized solutions.
    Taking care of Recruitment process for Partners.
    Launching Rewards and Recognitions for Partners as per allotted budgets.
    Review and analyse target V/s Achievements

July 2008-March 2010                                                     Designation:     Financial Service Manager

Channel wise exposure           April 2009-March 2010 Worksite (B&A)
                                July 2008-March 2009 Reliance Retail Insurance Broking Ltd (B&A)
Key Role & Responsibilities:
    Day to day visits to channel partner branches and meeting with branch personnel from Branch manager to
       Relationship managers, setting monthly & quarterly targets keeping in mind branch wise CAFOS productivity.
    Organizing product Training sessions for newer product launch with help of Training Dept.
    Launching local contests for channel partners to promote new product and boost monthly sales.
    Launching contests for Achievers with help of RnR Dept and recognizing achievers with rewards and recognition.
    Giving full assistance for conversion of life insurance prospects to customer by providing full financial assistance
       based on need based analysis.
    Review and analyze target V/s Achievements.
May 07 to June 08                                                 Designation:      Financial Service Consultant.

I was responsible for Life Insurance Business Generation & development from channel partner M/s. ICICI Securities and
Brokerage Ltd, now known as ICICI Securities Ltd, was responsible for business development of entire harbour region of
Mumbai achieved goal sheet target with 188% achievement and promoted as Financial Service Manager in June 2008.

Key Achievement:
    Qualified for CEO (Ms. Shikha Sharma) meet in top 3 qualifiers from entire Maharashtra region.
    Qualified for Head of Sales Night held at Hotel Sahara Star Mumbai.
    Qualified for Mid Year Challenge contest Held at Hyderabad.
    Win Trip to Thailand in top 3 achievers from entire Mumbai.
    Promoted as Senior Financial Service Manager with Gold Confirmation.

Key Role & Responsibilities: Business Development Hard Core Sales & Marketing

       Day to day visits to channel partner branches and meeting with branch personnel from Branch manager to
        Relationship managers, setting monthly & quarterly targets keeping in mind per branch wise per CAFOS
        productivity.
       Giving full assistance for conversion of life insurance prospects to customer by providing full financial assistance
        based on need based analysis.
       Organizing product Training sessions for newer product launch with help of Training Dept.
       Launching local contests for channel partners to promote new product and boost monthly sales.
       Launching contests for Achievers with help of RnR Dept and recognizing achievers with rewards and recognition

    August 2003 to May 2007                                       Anand Arc Electrodes Limited
Designation:    Marketing Assistant

Worked as Marketing Assistant with M/s. Anand Arc Electrodes Ltd., Bhandup (W), Mumbai-400 078 (An ISO 9002 Co.
manufacturing wide range of Welding Consumables & Stainless Steel wires)
I was responsible for marketing, sales, distribution of welding electrodes and a stainless steel wire product as well as I
was providing full technical assistance to the customers and dealers.

Key Role & Responsibilities: Business Development Hard Core Sales & Marketing
     Development and Regular visits to Existing & New Customers & Dealers to increase the company sales
        turnover.
     Providing Suitable products to the customers as per Technical specification, Application & Process.
     Providing most competitive quote to the customer taking in consideration their regular consumption capacity &
        available competitive products.
     Approve & Renewal of company products from various approval agencies & Projects, Filling up new tenders.
     Providing full fledge technical assistance and after sales services to customers and dealers.
     Maintaining month on month Delivery schedule to ensure timely supply.
     Coordinating and follow up with Production Department to ensure timely delivery to the customers and dealers.
     Giving regular feedback to technical team and higher management about market developments, customer
        preference, Competitors.
     Follow up for repeat orders and payments and Security Deposits.
     Active participation in various Events and Exhibitions held across the industry.

    April 2003 to July 2003                                                Innove Source Solutions Ltd.
Designation:    Marketing Assistant

Worked as Marketing Executive with M/s. Innove Source Solutions, Mulund (W), Mumbai. (A Franchise Co. dealing in
Standard Chartered Credit Cards & GSM Cell phone Packages.
Personal Information
Name                      :       Yogesh B. Deshmukh
Date of Birth             :       19th April 1982
Sex                       :       Male
Nationality               :       Indian
Marital Status            :       Married
Languages Known           :       English, Hindi, Marathi, Gujrathi

Profile

         Self-Confident
         Capable to adjust in different working environment.
         Never say die attitude
         Honest

Educational Qualification
         Presently pursuing part time 3 years Masters Degree in Marketing Management (MMM) from Welingkar Institute
          of Management  Mumbai.
         Commerce Graduate from Mumbai University (March 2003-Regular Course) scored 57.14%
         H.S.C. from Mumbai University (Feb 2000-Regular Course) scored 50.00%
         S.S.C. from Mumbai university (March 1997-Regular Course) scored 56.93%

Technical Qualification
         I.T.I Welder (Gas & Electrical) from I.T.I. Thane-400 604. scored 76.93%
         N.C.T.V.T Welder (Gas & Electrical) from M/s. Mazagon Dockyard Ltd, Mumbai & scored 66.28%
         English Typewriting (30 W.P.M.) from M/s. Sahyadri Typewriting Institute, Thane & scored 64.00%
         Excellent operating skill of windows applications like, MS office, MS Excel, PowerPoint Etc.

Competencies
         Ambitious, Motivating, Leadership Qualities, Constantly pursuing higher standards of work.

References
         To be furnished as per requirement.

Declaration
I hereby declare that all the above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. If given an
opportunity to serve I assure that my performance would be whole hearted, dedicated and always to the best of my
capacity and in the prestige of the Company.



Date-:

Place-:                                                                   (Yogesh B Deshmukh)
