Amit Singh Bedi
1057, Vikas Kunj, Vikas Puri, New Delhi 10018.
 +91-9810368175, bediamitsingh@gmail.com

Ingersoll Rand Climate Solutions Private Limited                                                            November 11  Till Date

Designation: HR Leader (India and SAARC markets), Climate Solutions Business Unit
Job Profile:

Human Resource Business Partner
 HR leader for commercial and plant operations of Climate Solutions
 Partnering with business in formulating AOP (Annual Operating Plan) and LRP (Long Range Planning) along with identification of Strategic Business
  Priorities.
 Responsible for designing the Organization & Leadership Review basis the inputs from AOP and LRP.
 Supporting the business leadership with succession planning, identifying key roles and building a robust talent pipeline for the business.
 Partnering with business on conceptualization, need analysis, gaps identification, competency building, implementation, roll out and effectiveness
  measurement of restructuring of sales organization in multiple phase approach. This approach was also adopted for undertaking manpower
  rationalization initiatives.
 Resolution of employee grievances in collaboration with HR COEs, governance, audit, legal & compliance team.
 Proactively partnering with the COEs (Centre of Excellence) - Talent Acquisition, Compensation & Benefits and Talent & Organization Development
  for implementing sector specific initiatives.
 Worked closely with EMEIA HR team on launching SalesForce Effectiveness Tool in India  it involves running assessments, identifying competency
  gaps, conducting development planning and tracking continuously.

Employee Engagement
 Responsible for conceptualizing and executing the employee engagement strategy which is based upon our 3 major enterprise goals  PDI
  (progressive, diversity and inclusive), Growth in developing economy and Operation Excellence
 Building our action plan for people managers and regular tracking mechanism based on the strategy defined.
 Coaching and mentoring managers on the need and importance of using the performance management system per its desired framework, goal
  setting, appraisal mechanism and development planning process.
 Proactive action planning with people managers to ensure retention of talent.


Operation Excellence
 Streamlining and harmonizing the policies and procedures keeping in mind the business objective and larger corporate guidelines.
 Job evaluation for all key positions and job grading for all positions in the sector.

Communication
 Synergized the internal communication approach keeping in mind the unique challenges of having a mobile and locationally diverse sales and
  service force. An integrated approach involving technology and personal approach to achieve the desired objectives was used as highlighted below:
                            STD  The Share, Talk and Discuss initiative launched for new and early hires
                            Weekly business/ functional review
                            Monthly townhall via live meetings
                            Quarterly visits to various locations
 Continuous and frequent communication of polices to the employees via mailers/blogs/mails etc.

Achievements:
 Awarded Making A Difference Award (MAD Award) in the category of Leadership by the CS EMEIA Business Leader
 Awarded Pathbreaker Award in the category of Operation Excellence
 Successfully managed Greenfield manufacturing plant in Chennai
 Awarded Rockstar for developing Online Competency Mapping Tool and Dashboard

Sennheiser Electronics India Private Limited:                                                               October 09  October 11

Designation: Manager  Human Resource and Legal
Job Profile:
 Strategic Planning/Change management: Managed the country HR strategy in line with the organizational strategy.
 Budget Management: Prepared, managed and monitored HR budget, undertook analysis of human resource requirements.
 Talent Acquisition and Management: Organized talent review and managed the organization talent strategy. Best practices were adopted and
   adapted in managing the recruitment and placement of talent.
 Performance Management, Learning and Development: Provided leadership and coaching to senior management and staff members, enabling
   the system to better manage performance and ensure a performance oriented culture.
 Employee Relations: Monitored management/staff relations; maintained open & continuous dialogue with staff individually.
 Special Projects: Piloted the cost management projects for the company in the field of logistics, travel, communication, IT and marketing which
   helped the company to save 12% cost.
 Active member of Global HR Projects: Corporate HR Guidelines, Implementation of new HR department and Employer branding
 Change Management: Introduced Human Resource Information System (HRIS) through online HR portal.
Amit Singh Bedi
1057, Vikas Kunj, Vikas Puri, New Delhi 10018.
 +91-9810368175, bediamitsingh@gmail.com

Tecnova India Private Limited:                                                                                  March 06  October 09

Designation: Manager  Human Resource
Job Profile: My role had two distinct elements
Internal HR: I was the HRBP for the consulting and KPO vertical (170 employees).
Highlights of Internal HR
 HR Planning: Organization (re)structuring, Manpower planning & budgeting, in line with Business growth plan.
 Business Partner: Partnered with the Business and functional head to understand and device key employee engagement, retention and
    productivity initiatives to enable the business to deliver better results
 Talent Management: Ensured proactive planning and implementation to fill up key posts.
 Retention Management: Ensured retention of staff by using the relevant tools post the talent needs analysis.
 Employee counseling: Managed, coached leaders on employee discipline & performance issues, keeping in mind the long-term business
    objectives, compliance and overall employee satisfaction.
 Performance management and compensation: Planned and ensured uniform implementation of the performance assessment process to ensure
    career development.
 Salary fitment guidelines for new incumbents and salary ranges for existing positions including compensation and bonus decisions across the
    organization.
 Training and development: To facilitate knowledge building and developing self-awareness in employees.
 Personal administration including payroll, attendance, leave, exit formalities, etc.
 CSR: Conducted blood donation camps, Arranged sessions on Safety & Driving, Global Warming, Financial planning & other topics. Also,
    played an important role for gathering funds & relief goods for Bihar flood & Famine in North East.
 Reporting to Member  Advisory Board (for first 2 years to Head  HR) and managing a team of 4-5 team members

External HR: Created HR as a revenue generating function which provided HR advisory services to external clients.
Highlights of External HR
HR Advisory:
 Helped international clients to build HR policies & procedure for their Indian start up entity including customizing their international policies as per
   Indian legal & industry framework
 Handled all HR activities including hiring, induction, joining formalities, personal records, payroll management, exit formalities and includes
   incubation services
 Special projects: Reputation due diligence of an Indian company on behalf of German client planning for Joint venture, HR assessment of Indian
   targeted companies on behalf of European client planning for acquisition, Salary benchmarking surveys  one in Aurangabad for packaging
   company and another in Coimbatore for industrial valves company

Executive Search:
 Undertook end-to-end executive search assignment for our clients (for their Greenfield/start up operations) for Senior/top mandates (Country Head,
   CFO, Country Sales Head, Plant Head, Functional heads etc.) and project hiring.
 Extensively involved in head-hunting, industry mapping & references.

Achievements:
 Reduced lead time for start-ups by an average of 45 days due to proactive executive hiring (references available on request)
 Introduced the concept of hiring Women who took break and Senior and retired industry experts thereby expanding the talent pool for
   organization.
 Successfully contributed towards setting up the KPO division by hiring 40 employees across level in 1 month.

Manpower Services India Private Limited:                                                                        November 04  February 06

Designation: Consultant  BFSI (Banking, Financial Services and Investments)
Job Profile:
 Client Servicing: Made regular and well-planned service calls, with an objective to maximize business
 Recruitment: Planned the screening, searching & selection processes.

Achievements:
 Started in Non-IT recruitment wing and with the support of Branch Manager, developed banking and insurance vertical.

Corporate Insight:                                                                                              July 2002  October 2004

Designation: Consultant Search Practice
Job Profile:
 Client servicing and Sourcing: Nurtured business relations and execution of hiring needs of clients
 Special Project - Organization Re-Structuring: Was a part of two member team for a leading departmental store chain to identify & propose the
   Organization Structure for HO and the Units as also the Position Description, Accountability, Reportees, Responsibilities (Key Result Areas), Internal
   & External Customers for all key positions.

Achievement:
 Was selected and inducted in ICICI Bank mass hiring team and participated in various weekend walk-in events in Delhi NCR.

Academic Profile:
Post Graduate Certificate in Human Resource Management, Xavier Labour Relations Institute (XLRI), Jamshedpur, 2007.
Post Graduate Diploma in Human Resource Management, Symbiosis Centre of Distance Learning, 2005.
Post Graduate Diploma in Sales & Marketing Management, Bhartiya Vidya Bhawan, 2003.
Bachelor of Commerce (Honors), SGTB Khalsa College (Delhi University), 2000.
