                                 Aarti Kumari
                         E-mail: delhi7021@gmail.com
                           Mobile: +91-9650472405

Career Objective:-
Looking for a challenging and career oriented position where I utilize my
administration experience in order to orchestrate a smooth flow of operations.

Career Abstract:-
A result oriented professional with more than seven years of exposure in
administration. Expertise in Admin and facility management, office management,
travel management, document control, Expats management, Vendor
Management.

Professional Strengths:-
      Ability to handle multi-task effectively.
      Ability to read and interpret complex oral and written instructions.
      Familiar with office machines like scanner, copy machines, Printer, Phone
       lines.
      Can work efficiently in a group as well as an individual.
      Confident, time management capability.
      Conceptually strong with an innovative, detail-oriented and analytical
       approach to the work.
      Self-motivated, hardworking and goal-oriented with a high degree of
       flexibility, creativity and commitment.
      Very particular about deadlines.
      Proficient user of MS Office.
      Problem-solving.

Education Qualification:-
      Completed Post Graduation in Accounting & Finance from Vinayak Mission
       University Affiliated with IGNOU in 2011.
      Completed Graduation in Marketing Management of Insurance From Delhi
       University in 2007.
      Senior Secondary (C.B.S.E) in 2004 (Commerce Stream)
      Higher Secondary (C.B.S.E) in 2002.

Work Experience:-

   1. Organization: - RGF Select India Pvt Ltd Gurgaon
      Tenure: - May 2014  Till Date
      Current Designation: - Senior Executive (Administration)

RGF India is an Executive Search & Selection firm, wholly owned by the USD 14
billion net    annual     sales   Japanese     company,     Recruit   Holdings
Company Ltd (Recruit).

   2. Organization: - Yakult Danone India Pvt Ltd (New Delhi Okhla
      Phase -3).
      Tenure: - April 2010 to April 2014
      Designation: - Sales Administrator
Yakult Danone India (P) Ltd is a 50:50 JV between Yakult Honsha, Japan and
Groupe Danone of France, both of which are global probiotic leaders. The JV was
formed in 2005 to manufacture and sell probiotic products in the Indian market.
Yakult, a probiotic drink was launched in India in 2007.

Key Responsibilities:-
General Administration Management:-
   Managing all general administration activities including: Housekeeping,
     courier, printing, stationery, Infrastructure management, logistics, facilities
     planning, and utmost utilization of resources.
   Distributing the identity cards to the employees for proper mobility within
     the office premises;
   Efficiently generating maintenance reports and MIS reports on daily basis
     for the running of company operations;
   Segregating duties and allocating them to the office boys for its timely
     completion;
   Purchasing the stationary and gift items for the office staff for proper
     inventory control
   Arranging conferences, seminars, parties and annual get together at the
     office;
   Responsible for all billing and maintenance related work , computer
     networks,     electricity   including     furniture, fixtures   and     other
     electrical/mechanical equipments like water dispenser, refrigerator, AC
     systems.
   Keeping record of basic needs like stationery, Courier, ID cards,
     Housekeeping materials.
   Coordination with Operations, HR, IT, Finance, Legal etc.

Facility Management:-
    Handling complete Facilities       and infrastructure set up including all
       maintenance related issues of the office ,Asset Management, maintaining
       an inventory & keeping a proper record of an asset.
    Responsible for the housekeeping and handling the manpower for the
       result oriented target.
    Ensure that all the critical assets are renewed on time for their smooth
       functioning.
    Managing the maintenance team for the day to day operations.
    Handling payment of electrical bills, Landline, Internet bills, Mobile bills
       etc.
    Regular supervision on facilities (Housekeeping, pantry & office boy).

Vendor Management :-
   Inviting quotations from different vendors and compare the quotes on the
     basis of cost and quality and prepared the agreements as per the
     company procedure.
   Coordinating with the vendors for the negotiations and quality checks of
     the products procured for the office.
   Creating vendor master and managing MIS.
   Handling service agreements.
   Time to time meeting and negotiations with Vendors.
      Processing and clearing vendor bills

Expatriate Management:
   Preparation of complete employee database.
   FRRO registration and Renewal
   Accommodation & travel management for expats and their families.
   To be one point of contact between corporate admin and the expats for the day
     to days administrative requirements.
   Handling expats queries & issues & resolving them on time to avoid any
     discomfort to them.
   F.R.R.O (Foreigner regional registration office) registration, Visa extension,
     renewal of passport, Mobile & Sim card arrangements, Apply PAN Card, Aadhar
     Card, Form C etc.

Travel Management:-
    Arrange staff hotels bookings, Flight bookings, Guest houses and Cabs for
      the region.
    Making sure all the crew pickups are done on time.
    Closely work with the transport vendor for smooth operations.

Bank Management/Cash administrator:-
   Co-ordination with Bank on Pan India basis for opening of Salary / Re-
     imbursement Account for corporate office and branch office location for all
     new joinee.
   Act as a Cash Administration and Taking Care of Cash Transactions, Petty
     Cash to ensure that Cash Position/Transactions are Tally.

Handle Partial Accounts and Accounting Job Related Matters/MIS
Reports: -
   Maintain data base in sales force, Debits notes, Credit notes, letters,
     handling Inward and Outward of Cheques, Keeping Records of payments
     received from the client in a format provided by Accounts Department.
     Submit and reconcile expense reports.
   Daily, Weekly and Monthly generation of MIS reports and provide the same
     through e-mail to the seniors.

Printing Letters Heads / Business card Management

      Co-ordination with the vendors for various printing items (Business
       cards /Letters Heads/ Envelops or any other special printing) for corporate
       office and all branch office location.

Responsible for IT related issues: -
   Independent responsible for solving IT related issues by directly coordinate
     with Japan IT team and solved a number of administrative problems and
     queries.
   Order new desktops/laptops as per the requirement.

Joining /Exit formalities of employees

      Handle all new joining formalities .Acting as Trainer for new joinees for
       better understanding of Polices includes Travel Policy (Domestic/
       International), Mobile usage and other limits / facilities as per new joinee
       designation.
      Complete responsibility of handing over of company assets from employee
       at the time of resignation and updating Finance for full and final
       settlement.

Computer & Software Competency:-

    Diploma in Computer Application, Proficient in Using Microsoft
     Excel, Word, Power Points and Outlook, Tally 7.2.

Personal Profile:-
Date of Birth                                   July. 30 1986
Nationality                            Indian

Gender                                 Female

Languages known                                 English, Hindi

(Aarti)
