Aasish Kumar Topno

Over 15 years of rich experience in Leadership and Business Partnering roles across Corporate,
Regional and Unit HR Roles. Proven track record of delivering Business results in challenging,
fast evolving and complex environment. Varied and enriching experience in Designing and
deploying HR interventions to Develop Capabilities, Enhance Organizational Effectiveness &
Enhance Employee Engagement.
Led and managed restructuring for white collared associates and unionized employees in
multiple & transnational Union scenarios.

Presently working with Hindustan Coca Cola Beverages Pvt Ltd as Zonal HR Head West Zone.
Leading a 37 Member HR Team for the 2 nd largest Zone, contributing to approx. 27 % of HCCB
Business in India. Responsible for leading end to end HR interventions for 2000+ On roll
associates and 3500+ Off roll resources deployed across Frontend, Supply Chain and support
functions.

Previous assignments with Top Organizations in FMCG i:e Hindustan Unilever Ltd & ITC Ltd and
Top organization in Power Infrastructure i:e POWERGRID Corp.


Employment Profile:
        Hindustan Coca Cola Beverages Pvt Ltd as Zonal HR Head -West
                             May 2016- Till date

Joined HCCBPL in May, 2016 as Zonal HR Head for GRM Zone (Gujarat, Rajasthan and MP) and
subsequently for enlarged West Zone i:e including Maharashtra & Goa. Leading HR
Interventions for the 2nd largest Zone of HCCBPL. Partnering with Zonal leadership team and
providing HR leadership to deliver Business results.

Summary of Experience:

     HR Business Partnering with Zonal leadership team
     Organization restructuring, facility closure and managing employee severance by
      aligning all external & internal stakeholders.
     Talent Planning and Talent Development across all frontend and backend teams
     Talent segmentation and managing performance cycle interventions
     Providing leadership to manage Industrial relations for On roll and Off roll employees in
      multi union environment.
     Compensation planning, C&B Administration and control.

Snap shot of Key Assignments and Achievements:

Organization Restructuring:

Partnering with business to design Organization structure, develop & draft role charters and
implement the same post Zonal restructuring to ensuring smooth transition to transition w.r.t
new ways of working.
Organization redesign, role fit exercise, communication planning and delivery, design and roll
out post restructuring support.

Manufacturing Facility Restructuring:

Smooth factory restructuring and closure post alignment with all internal stake holders,
external Union leaders and Government agencies.
Severance discussions and closure with all affected employees without any IR disturbances.

Developing diversified Talent Pipeline:

Role study and selection for focused recruitment, training and deployment intervention of
Female Associates in new green field site.
Building talent pipeline for frontend by designing and running a Executive training program.

                      Hindustan Unilever Ltd as HR Business Partner
                                  Nov 2010- April 2016

Joined Hindustan Unilever Ltd in Nov 2010 and in last 5 years has done a healthy blend of roles
and assignments across HUL HR Career lanes of Business Partnering, Expertise (Reward and
L&D), Employee Services and CSR.

Summary of Experience:

      Business Partnering
      Managing niche talent deployed across multiple locations.
      Talent Planning and Talent Development
      Training Design and Delivery
      Organizational Development and Design
      Performance management
      Design and deliver customized community outreach initiatives
      Managing organization wide employee change initiatives
      Management of Industrial Relations in multi Union and multi location scenarios
      Driving change through strategic settlements with Unions
      Compensation & Benefits Administration

Snap shot of Roles/ Assignments and Key Achievements:

Business Partnering (Roles/ Assignments):

Total 3 different stints in Business Partnering Supply Chain (Make and Non Make) across 2
Business Categories and 1 Excellence Centre. During the stints I have used and honed my
skills for providing Business specific HR insights, Managing talent processes, Developing high
performance individuals and team , Building a performance culture by judicious deployment of
Reward framework, Designing jobs and structures, facilitating & motivating learning and
deploying fair & productive ER systems.
I have also been anchoring and leading key HR processes having Category / function wide
implications.

      (1) HRBP for Haldia (West Bengal) Manufacturing Unit:
      Its a key Home Care Powder manufacturing site having NPS (Turnover) of INR 600 Crores.

      (2) HRBP for Kolkata Tea and Ice Cream Manufacturing Unit, Beverage Excellence Centre
          (Blending, Procurement and Procurement Ops) and Pondicherry Beverages Factory:
         Kolkata Manufacturing site is the Mother plant for Tea Business of HUL with NPS
         (Turnover) of INR 1100 Crores.
          Beverage Excellence Centre: Is the Centre of Excellence for HUL Tea business in South
         Asia and home to Niche talent in the area of tea blending, procurement and
         Procurement Ops
         Pondicherry Beverages factory is a Tea packaging Unit, catering to tea volumes in South
         India.
      (3) Presently based at Silvassa as HRBP for Dapada Manufacturing Site and anchoring CSR
          initiatives for Silvassa cluster. Dapada Manufacturing Site is the Mother plant for the
          Home Care Business of HUL with NPS (Turnover) of INR 1100 Crores.

      (4) Talent Anchor for WL1 for Total WL1 population in Foods & Refreshments Category and
          Home Care Category:
          I have been leading the Talent Pillar for WL1 population in the 2 Business Categories
          which I have partnered.

      (5) HR Lead for Quality Organization Review, Right Structuring, Talent Sourcing and
          Transition

Business Partnering (Key Achievements):

      Haldia Factory:
       - Transforming Haldia Unit from ER Hotspot to the most strategic Site for Blown
         Powder Sourcing by enhancing Employee Engagement from 38% to 88% and
         Reducing man days lost from >3500 to Zero.

      Assam Factory:
       - Closed 4 years old matter concerning International Union (IUF) resulting in
         amicable signing of settlement with 2 Unions.

       Kidderpore Factory:
        - Making Kidderpore Factory Kolkata Only Factory with 100% Favorable score in
           Engagement survey in Unilever Globally.

        -   Signed 1 Common Settlement with 5 Unions affiliated to 3 Political Bodies.
            Unlocking productivity by getting 100% Flexibility in Manpower Deployment in all
            Departments.

       Beverage Excellence:
        - Developing Development & Succession planning matrix for Niche Talent in Tea
          Tasting and Blending. Smooth transition post re structure.
        - Introduced merit based annual increment and moving to single linked DA for the first
          time.

       Silvassa Detergents Factory:
         - Leading the People Development (PD) Pillar in WCM for the Unit and drive capability
        agenda for both White collar and Blue collar ensuring benchmark score in external
        audit.

       Quality Organization Restructuring: Restructuring of Go to Market Quality function
        impacting 30 manufacturing Locations.

       Organizational Collective Bargaining Lead: Co Authored Internal Reference Book
        for Collective Bargaining

       Driving ER Strategy: Member of Core Team to Drive ER Strategy Wheel to drive ER
        across South Asia .

       Customized Community Outreach Program: Managing and delivering innovative
        customized community outreach initiatives in Silvassa. Several of the initiatives in
       Silvassa cluster have been picked up as Best practice and replicated across sites.


Expertise & Services (Assignments and Achievements)

Apart from leading key L&D and Compensation and Benefits initiatives as HR Business partner
I Have done 4 Key projects having organization/Function wide benefits:

      L&D : Frontline Leader Development Program:
       Developed and Deployed customized development intervention for 700+ Frontline
       Leaders across all Manufacturing site in South Asia. The same has been picked up as a
       best practice by Unilever Supply Chain HR and has been adopted in the global FLM
       program.

      L&D : Talent 101 for HR Resources deployed in Manufacturing locations:
       Team lead for designing and delivering development framework for HR Managers and
       Executives deployed in Manufacturing locations.

      Compensation and Benefits Administration:
       Member of Core team for review of Medical Policy for WL1 across the organization. The
       process involved change & transition management impacting 4700 White Collar
       employees.

      HR Services: Harmonized TAS and Payroll Centralization:
       Part of core team for Harmonized TAS and Payroll Centralization, leading the TAS pillar
       for the whole organization. The project has helped in increasing HR functional
       productivity in Units, enhanced data accuracy and speed thus enabling the operations
       team to take better decisions w.r.t manpower.


                               ITC Ltd as Asst Manager (HR)
                                    Sept 2007-Nov 2010

Joined ITC Limited on 22nd September, 2007 as Asst Manager (HR) based at Kidderpore
Manufacturing facility (Kolkata). Post that moved to Head Office at Kolkata as Asst Manager
(Organisation Development)

Summary of Experience:

      Mid Career Recruitment and anchoring campus recruitments for Executive trainees.
      HR Planning (Right
      Organization Design
      Management of Industrial Relations
      Training and Development
      HR Financials
      Compensation & Benefit
      Performance Management
      Statutory Compliances

Snap shot of Roles/ Assignments and Key Achievements

Asst Manager HR Kidderpore Factory
I was responsible for conceptualization, design, planning, and delivery of HR Solutions
for the facility consisting of 415 Unionized employees and 65 Managers

Key Achievements:

      Back to Back Long Term Agreement signed with following gains for the
       Management:

                   Introduced Comprehensive Job Study  approach rather than the
                    traditional workstation based approach resulting in Rationalization of
                    12.3% jobs
                   Work Practice changes introduced in Non Production areas.
                   New Incentive table design ensured productivity gain of 50% with
                    corresponding cost increase of only 6%
                   Work study using LEAN principals for re-organization of ancillaries in the
                    factory Introduced Competency based TNA for the Technicians cadre in the
                    Unit (Kidderpore).

      Induction and deployment of General Workers in record 21 Days instead of 1 Year.
      Reduced cycle time for recruitment of Technicians from 90 days to 30 days
      Introduced Mentor-Mentee Model in the factory for induction of General Workers.
      Restructuring: Restructured the Technical manpower deployment in the Shop floor and
       introduced a new cadre Technical Associates to improve management of Technology.

Asst Manager HR  Organisational Development

As Asst Manager- OD , I was responsible for Recruitment (Mid Career and Campus), T&D for
white collar employees, HR Planning (Organisation Structure Review, Right Job Right fit,
Succession planning), and HR Financials.

Key Achievements:

Training and Development:

   -        Designed and Deployed Customized Development intervention UDAAN for Office
     Associates which was rolled out across the division and picked up as best practices by
     other Divisions and Corporate HR.
   -        Designed and Deployed Customized Development intervention SHIKHAR Front
     Line Managers

Organisational Design:

   - Worked with the Business to strengthen the Merchandising team by Designing Jobs and
Structures to deliver on Business plans

Recruitment:

Anchoring Executive Trainee Recruitment for all Divisions and induction and placement across
different departments


           Power Grid Corporation of India Limited as Senior Personnel Officer
                      Joined the company as Executive Trainee
                                  Apr02-Sept 2007
Joined Power Grid Corporation of India Limited on 22 nd April,2002 as Executive Trainee,
confirmed as Personnel Officer and subsequently promoted to Senior Personnel Officer, based
at Corporate Centre, Gurgaon. Responsibilities included Central Employee Relations for whole
organization, Policy review and formulations, Salary & Benefits review & administration .1 stint
each in Recruitment & HR Services and Regional Office.

Summary of Experience:

      Management of Industrial Relations
      Policy Formulation
      Employee Engagement
      Corporate Social Responsibility
      Wages
      Recruitment
      Establishment Function
      Training and Development

Key Achievements:

      Modification of Workmen Promotion & Transfer Policy working with 3 Central Trade
       Unions representing 28 Unions and impacting 4000 Blue Collar Employees
      Revision of POWERGRID Self Contributory Pension Scheme impacting 2000 White Collar
       employees, resulting in 30% reduction in Retiral payment liability for the Organization
      30 Days Reduction in cycle time for Document verification and admit card generation for
       Executive Trainee recruitment.
      Reconstitution of POWERGRID National and Regional Bipartite Committee across all 5
       Regions and Corporate Centre.

Education

Masters in Human Resource and Organizational Development (MHROD)
Delhi School of Economics, University of Delhi

      Two-year full time Post Graduate Degree Program offering specialization in the area of
       Human Resource Management.
      July1999 - July 2001

B.A (P) Economics and PMIR: University of Delhi
    July 1996- August 1999


Professional Certification:

    SHRM-SCP ,2016
    Successfully completed the Certificate Programme in Competency Mapping from TV Rao
     Learning Systems, Ahmedabad.
    Successfully completed PPA DISC certification training from Thomas International

Personal Profile:

Date of Birth             :      30th June 1977.
Marital Status            :      Married
Contact Details:

Mobile: +91- 9933304990 (preffered no), 7567051522
E-mail: aasish.topno28@gmail.com

References: Available on request
