                                           ABHISHEK ROY
                                            E-Mail: abhiroy.bel@gmail.com
                               Contact: (Res) 0512 2455120; Mobile: +91-9454754774

    Seeking assignments in Production/ Procurement / Supply Chain Management with growth oriented
                                         organisation of repute.
                                               EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
     A competent professional with nearly 16 years 9 month of experience in Production, Supply Chain
      Management, Procurement & Material Management.
     Currently associated with Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Kanpur as Senior Manager (Integrated
      Materials Management).
     Track record in implementing cost saving measures to achieve substantial reduction in terms of raw materials
      & expenses.
     Distinction of effectively steering procurement with accomplishments spanning reduction in material cost,
      logistics costs; enhancing vendor performance.
     Well versed in handling production operations and accountable for quality of output.
     Proficient in identifying areas of improvement in the procurement practices.
     Possess the experience of implementing 5S practices, ISO9001:2000 & ISO14001 in the
      organisation as per quality standards.
     A keen communicator with honed problem solving and analytical abilities.

                                               CORE COMPETENCIES
Production & Planning:
  Managing overall operations with a view to ensure timely accomplishment of production targets within the
   time and cost parameters.
  Overseeing overall procurement activities, implementing effective techniques to bring efficiency in operations,
   improve quality standards & achieve maximum cost savings.
  Ensuring production line non-stoppage by proper planning of the inventory based on the lead times at
   suppliers.

Purchase/ Procurement:
  Managing the development & implementation of key procurement strategies and ensuring that strategies &
   plans are aligned with project requirements.
  Looking after the procurement function of raw materials required for different types of aircrafts.

Materials Management:
  Handling the inventory function so as to curtail inventory holding expenses and adherence to maximum and
   minimum stocking system for various spares and minimize wastages.
  Controlling through Inter unit Transfers, Consumption Analysis & coordinating with End Users.

Man Management
  Assessing the training needs of the team members in co-ordination with various department heads and
   conducting the same.
  Managing a team and guiding team members in resolving performance bottlenecks & quality standards.


Logistics
  Co-ordinating wit the freight forwarder and deciding the mode of transportation keeping in mind the criticality
   of the item as well as maintaining the cost of transportation to the minimum.



                                                 CAREER CONTOUR
Since Apr07 with Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Kanpur as Senior Manager (Integrated Materials
Management)
     Responsible for planning and procurement of raw material requirements (both metallic and non metallic
      including shelf life items) of Light Transport Aircrafts (18 to 58 seater)as per monthly sales plan/yearly sales
      plan.
     Managing cost reduction through indigenization, substitution, alternate vendor development.
     Dealing with logistics of various types of raw material required for the manufacture of transport aircrafts.
     Liasioning with foreign freight forwarders for collection and despatch of project materials.
Attainments
   Successfully trained the employees on 5S implementation & ISO 9001:2000 also conducted regular
    competition throughout the year to maintain good house keeping practices.
Jul01Apr07 with Bharat Electronics Limited, Kotdwara, Uttranchal
Growth Path
July01 to Dec04          Deputy Engineer
Jan05 to Apr07           Senior Engineer

   Planning of material, resources and manpower for the execution of projects including distribution of load as
    per capacity of InHouse, identifying and sub contracting of lower end jobs.
   Monitoring of shop orders to meet Productivity Index (PI) following the quality objectives of organisation.
   Achieving TORQUE parameters on regular basis for quality enhancements and even finding better solution to
    continuously improve upon these parameters to increase production.


Attainments
   Successfully reduced the number of days of inventory to 22 from 26 days, the lowest inventory in number of
    days in all 9 units of Bharat Electronics (BEL quality parameter has an upper limit of 60 days).
   Pivotal in reducing the rejection replacement parameter value from 0.5% to 0.4% of total consumption.
   Streamlined procedure for processing of Material Requirement Planning  II (MRP  II) in BEL.
   Played vital role in closing of old pending purchase orders/sub contract orders (as old as 7 yrs) for smooth
    processing of MRPII.
   Pivotal in implementing ISO 9001:2000 and ISO 14001.
   Served as member of knowledge sharing committee for imparting training to employees and technical staff,
    also deciding the curriculum on which training is to be imparted.
   Acted as Facilitator of QC circle, as a result improved the quality and production through QCC and suggestion
    schemes as per the norms.

                                                 ACADEME
   PGDBA (Marketing) from SCDL, Pune in 2008. Secured 64.93 % marks.
   Program on Management Development from MDI Gurgaon in 2003.
   B.E. (Mechanical) from Madan Mohan Malviya Engineering College, under Gorakhpur University in 2001.
    Secured 80.46%.
   12th from ISC Board, secured 70.4% marks.
   10th from ICSE Board, secured 78% marks.


                                                  COMPUTER SKILLS
   Proficiency in following:
             o      Windows Operating System
             o      MS-Office,
   Familiar with SAP as part of team implementing My SAP in Bharat Electronics Limited.
   Using IFS software at Hindustan Aeronautics Limited as an ERP package.


                                                    PERSONAL VITAE
       Permanent Address         :   424/318, Attarsuiya, Gol Park, Allahabad  211003
       Current Address           :   C-431, HAL Township, Harjinder Nagar, Kanpur - 208007
       Date of Birth             :   3rd February 1978
       Languages Known           :   English & Hindi
