                                                         Abhishek Verma
                                                        404, A/45 sector 03
                                            Dev Ashish Soc. Shanti Nagar, Mira Road (E)
                                                       Tel:+91- 9167277927
                                                verma.abhi8697@gmail.com

                       CAREER OBJECTIVE:

                       Looking out for working with a progressive organization, which can use my
                       qualification and experience in achieving their corporate objective and thereby
                       enhancing my career.



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
      Nov 2016- Jan 2018: MADMEX RESTO BAR


       Was a Managing partner for the restraunt and looked after the backend as well as the frontend
       operations end to end. Coordinate daily Front of the House and Back of the House restaurant
       operations. Deliver superior service and maximize customer satisfaction. Respond efficiently and
       accurately to customer complaints. Regularly review product quality and research new vendors.
       Organize and supervise shifts. Appraise staff performance and provide feedback to improve
       productivity. Estimate future needs for goods, kitchen utensils and cleaning products. Ensure
       compliance with sanitation and safety regulations. Manage restaurants good image and suggest ways
       to improve it. Control operational costs and identify measures to cut waste. Create detailed reports on
       weekly, monthly and annual revenues and expenses. Promote the brand in the local community through
       word-of-mouth and restaurant events. Recommend ways to reach a broader audience (e.g. discounts
       and social media ads).Train new and current employees on proper customer service practices.
       Implement policies and protocols that will maintain future restaurant operations.


      May 2012  Jan 2016 : SPICEJET AIRLINES


       Working for Spicejet a domestic as well as international low cost carrier airline based in India as a
       Cabin Crew. Trained for Boeing 737-800 and 737-900ER new generation aircrafts and international
       service operations. Was awarded as the best trainee for safety knowledge in my batch. Flying domestic
       as well as international with spicejet since past 2 years and have completed flying experience of more
       than 1500 hrs in Spicejet.was based in Ahemadabad till April 25th 2014 recently got transferred to
       Mumbai and have been flying from Mumbai since then. Also was promoted as a Cabin Crew Incharge
       after clearing the training and eligibility criteria.




      2011  May 2012 : 3 GLOBAL SERVICES


       Working as Customer services advisor for 3 a leading network and content provider of UK. My job
       profile involves assisting UK based customers in their queries and requests in regards to their mobile
       pone bills and also handset. I am also the best performer on the floor and have won incentives and
       awards . I also assist and manage the whole team of 10 people in the absence of my TL which included
       taking the team through a daily briefing session and updates of the process also helping my team
       members with their queries and doubts on calls.
      2009- 2010 : AZLANS WEB DESIGNING


    Working as a Co-ordinator for AZLANS WEB DESIGNING I was involved in internal business
     management and processes. I also used to interact with clients on a daily basis via email and provide
     them with end to end solutions for their requirements. I also used to co-ordinate with my subordinate
     programmers and web designers regarding client requirements. I was also looking after petty accounts
     and salaries of subordinates.


      2008-2009 : WIPRO BPO


    Worked for Wipro BPO as a customer service representative for a credit card process called capital one
     Since I was a customer service representative my job profile included solving customer problems and
     answering to their queries regarding their credit cards and their credit card statements over the phone. I
     was awarded the best representative certificate in my training for capital one process. Resolution
     champ certificates were given on a weekly basis to the best agents on the floor and I was rewarded for
     more than one week.


      2006-2007 : WIPRO BPO


    Worked for Wipro BPO as a Technical Service Representative for a semi technical ISP process called
     AOL (America Online). AOL was a software which was used by AOL members to go online . Since it
     was a semi technical process the average call duration went about 15-20 minutes but the floor
     requirement was 12 minutes per call on an average for the whole day which was also called AHT
     (Average handling time) and the performance of the representative was measured by sending a survey
     mail to the AOL member on his AOL email address and that was known as MSI (Member satisfaction
     Index) . The survey had questions based on different parameters on the call taken by the representative.
     As a technical support representative my job was to troubleshoot the AOL software for the members if
     they faced any problems while signing in. My performance was always above the floor requirement I
     always had the lowest AHT and highest MSI in my team. I had an AHT of 8 minutes per call and an
     MSI of 95% whereas the floor requirement was 82%. The performance was measured and rated on a
     monthly basis where the major parameters were AHT and MSI. Also did up selling of high speed
     internet connections. While working for AOL I was the best tech support representative in my team and
     one of best on the floor of 500 representatives. I was also awarded with an apple iPod for being the best
     representative on the floor.




EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
      Completed Bachelors Degree in Commerce from Malini Kishor Sanghvi College of Commerce and
       Economics in the academic year 2007-08 with 51%.


      Completed HSC from St. Francis Dssisi Jr. College in the year 2004-05 with 60%. I also was a
       member of my college cricket team.


      Completed SSC from St. Francis Dassisi High School in the year 2002-03 with 63%.


PERSONALITY SKILLS
      Ability to work long hours, prioritize tasks and efficient flexibility as per job needs and manage
       business expectations with a delivery focused approach to work.


      Ability to build and maintain strong working relationship with seniors, peers, and subordinates.


      Problem solving and communication skills with particular emphasis on clear, detailed Business
       Requirements and Functional specifications as well as reports for management.


      Ability to perform well under pressure.


      Good interpersonal skills, committed, result oriented, hard working with a quest and zeal to learn
       new technologies.



PERSONAL DETAILS:
      Date of Birth : 16th September 1986


      Marital Status : Single


      Nationality : Indian


      Languages Known: English, Hindi and Marathi.


      Passport No: G9958916 (Valid till: 14/07/2018)


HOBBIES :

      Internet Surfing, Cricket, Football and Volleyball, learning new languages.
