BANDANA KUMARI
(M.B.A-HR)
Mobile: 8401325185
E-Mail ID: -bandana.1488@rediffmail.com/
banty.1488@gmail.com
H-111,Prathna Banglows ,BasantnagarTwonship,
Gota,Ognaj, Ahmedabad-380 060

                                   CAREER OBJECTIVE

 To gain greater insight into the field of Human Resource Management (HRM) by way of
exposure to real work atmosphere in a well established organization. Also, to seek a
challenging career in the field of human resources and to channelise my abilities towards
individual, organizational and societal benefits which will add value both to me and to the
company.

                                        SYNOPSIS

       A Post Graduate (M.B.A), Sikimm Manipal University
       Have successfully handled various projects during school and college and achieved
        success.
       Creative and interested in working in unique manner.
       Quick Learner with abilities to Work in a Team Environment.
       Excellent communication, Presentation and Problem Solving Skills.

                              EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS


                                                             PERCENTAGE/
  DEGREE        INSTITUTE / UNIVERSITY             YEAR                            CLASS
                                                                 SPI
  MBA(H.R)
                       I.B.M.R(S.M.U)          2009-11            63%              1st
   +PGPM
                   L.N.MISHRA College
B.B.A(H.R)                                     2006-09            73.4%             1st
                (B.R.Ambedkar University)
HSC            Maa Bageshwari Inter college     2005              52.3%             2nd
SSC                J.N.Vidyalaya(C.B.S.E)      2000               58.65%            2nd

                       Project Undertaken During B.B.A &M.B.A

1. Strategy of International H.R.M (2011)
2. Recruitment and selections (2010)
3. Grievances Handling (2009)
Summer Project
Title: Grievance Handling :- work done on this project in (CLUTCH AUTO PVT.LTD) during
B.B.A in year 2009.

Summer Project
Recruitment and selections :-Work done on this project in (HARSA ENGINEERS LIMITED)
during M.B.A in year 2010.


Major Projects:
Strategy of International H.R.M:- Work done on this project in (HARSHA ENGINEERS
LIMITED) During M.B.A in year 2011

                             Computer skill

Operating System : Windos -98,XP,2000 Professional
Package known : MS-Office, Tally 7.2, ERP-9

Specialty Skills and Experience
Communication
      Able to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical knowledge.
      Understand the levels of communication as it passes through various mediums and
       channels and also understand the sensitivity and responsibility of keeping the content
       intact through all levels.
Team work
      Built good teamwork with different departments within the company, clients and vendors
       to avoid any delays and quality deviations in shipments
Networking
      Building on relationships with colleagues, buyers, suppliers.
      Learned that networking remained the most important tool to reach out to the requisite
       stakeholders for an ultimate purpose, whatever it may be.
Project Management
   Experience of planning, time management, organization and commitment, involving
     budgets and people.
Problem Solving
      Overcame various technical problems relating production or execution.
      To arrive at results, a constant manipulation of various permutations and combinations via
       trial and error practice.
      Excellent general analytical and problem solving skills as they arise, in a calm and
       efficient manner.
      Experience of understanding processes; how to monitor and control them and the logic of
       their operation.

                                      WORK EXPERIENCE

Shree Additives(Pharma & Foods) Pvt. Ltd.                         1st January 2016  Till Today
Santej  Gandhinagar
Asst.HR Manager

Shree Additives Pharma & Foods Ltd is one of the leading manufacturers of food ingredients
comprising food flavours, spice mixes, vitamin & mineral premixes, fruit preparations and batters
for coating.
We are also involved in distribution of various food ingredients like food colours, food acids, milk
powder, dairy cultures and enzymes and many more products manufactured by worlds leading
food companies.

          Manufacturer: of all types of Seasonings Masala & Dairy Ingredients

      Mainly responsible for the handling Payroll System (Spine Payroll)
      Maintained Database and Personnel File -Prepared offer and appointment letters and
       annual track list of increments and confirmations of employees.
      Organizing Induction training for new staff.
      Co ordinate between Concern Department and Candidates till their joining.
      Issuing Offer Letters and co ordinate with between Department and candidates till their
       joining.
        ISO -2200 Documents handling
        Organizing Training Calendar.
        Performance Appraisal.
        Handling HR-Policies
        Handling Labour Law Compliance

                                       WORK EXPERIENCE

   Aashi Plastic Pvt. Ltd.                            1stJanuary 2011December 2015
   Santej  Ahmedabad                                    ( 4 - Years)
   HR Executive
                        Manufacturer: of all types of PVC Packing Bags

Supervisee entire Plant and work report of employees (related to Production & Q.C) and daily
report of all required meetings, single-handedly.

       Daily Mail Reply with all certification :

        Compliance/maintenance of systems/procedures in respect of training activities as
         per WALMART & BSCI Procedure.
        Training/Awareness to staff/helper supervisor/stitcher, welder of all products when it will
         goes to production.
        Motivational programmers planning Quality/Packing related training.
        Maintain all ISO document(HR).
        screening CVs and maintaining records
        Co coordinating in Recruitment & Selection matters.
        Taking HR Round Interview & Salary negotiation.
        Responsible for complete joining and orientation Formalities of new employees.
        Maintained Database and Personnel File .
        Wage compensation structure administration, fixation & Negotiation.
        Prepared Job description for various positions.
        Training needs identification through Process of Performance Appraisal, organizational
         change.
        Formulation of training calendar Taking inputs from various sources.
        Measuring effectiveness of training programs.
        Assisting in framing, analyzing and revising the existing HR policies .
        Co coordinating in Pay Roll Compensation, attendance & maintaining the Leave
         record of the employee.
        Maintained resignation records, ex-employee dues; processed resignations with
         respective department heads.
        Processed the Exit Interview, full & final settlement and released Service Certificates
         after ensuring that the employees owed no dues.
        House keeping.
        Assisted in Office Administrative Work.
        Involvement in the Welfare Policies like Anniversary & Birth day Gift
         Distribution, Reward & Recognition etc.


  N-Tex Engineering Work                                    March 2009  December 2010
  Dudheshwar  Ahmedabad                                          (1 Years 10 Months)
  Business Developer Manager

             Manufacturers & Exporters: of Bag Making Machinery, Printing Machinery,
                              Bailing Machinery, Winding Machinery
Mainly responsible for the New Development Product, for all Production & Q.C, checking them and
approving the same for further process. coordinating with the Customer for the deliver Quality
Product.
 Also supervising entire Plant and work report of employee .
  Daily Mail Reply with all certification :

            All Customer Related to order & Dispatch.
            All Buyers related to order of Raw material.
            Taking order (By mail ,phone, personal meeting.etc).
            Making Inquiry Form., Quotations/Offer and mail it to the parties and follow up.
            Handling all documents and papers(Purchase order, Way Bill, Annexe,C-Form..etc).
            Making Invoice/Bill,Making Delivery Chillan (D.C).
            Making Purchase Order, Sales Order. Bill in SAP.
            Daily Production Report.
            Maintain all ISO document (HR).
            Dispatch Schedule.
             Develop new business thro online research and available buyer data with potential
             buyers of different countries by sending them company profile. To check if any
             business opportunity with them thro mail & phone.. Continuous follow up until we
             get some orders.
           Working on costing of inquiries, make & send price offer to buyer after checking &
            understanding of all technical aspects.
           To send quality sample to buyer.

                                          SPECIAL TRAINING

           Walmart Audit & BSCI Audit
           Training for ISO 9002 standards.
           SAP & ERP training
           First aid training, Fire fighting training, Global Star Training for EHS & Mock Drills to
            face emergency situation.

                                                 HOBBIES
           Comfortable in all Areas of HR / Personnel
           Meeting People and Communicating
           Wanna to walk some extra miles for achieve excellence
           Enjoy Movie in Theatre
                                          PERSONAL PROFILE

Date of Birth                  :     21-03-1985
Gender                         :     Female
Marital Status                 :     unmarried
Nationality                    :     Indian
Languages Known                :     Hindi & English
Interests                      :     Interacting with peoples
Current CTC                    :     27K(Take in Hand: 24k)+Transport Allowance + Rent Allowance
Expected                       :     30% Hike
Notice Period                  :     1Month
                          REFERENCES

Name:-PROF.(Dr.) Jayshreeben B. Thakore   Name:V.P. Mashroo
Associate Director(Placement)             Vice President (Human Resource)
Institute of Business Management &        HARSHA ENGINEERS COMPANY
Research (IBMR)                           E-mail ID-vpmashroo@harshaengineers.com
E-mail ID-jayshree1510@yahoo.com          Mobile Number: 9879112402
 Mobile Number: 9898221610.               Tel. 91-2717-391277
Tel. 079-26636735/26632482


                                     DECLARATION


 The above-mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge. I wish to
 associate myself with your respective organization of such high esteem.



       The job profile involves develop new business to get new orders with
 International as well as Domestic buyers, manage existing orders execution &
  planning with help of merchandiser team and other various departments.




 Anticipating a positive reply.



 DATE:                                             ( BANDANA KUMARI)
