PUNEET
panditpuneet@outlook.com
Mob. No.:- 09736-221223



Career Objective: -
To achieve desired objectives with high commitment and work with an organization that has unique
working environment and provides continuous learning besides an excellent career growth.

Industrial Exposure: -

Present Organization:-

Organization          : Glenmark Pharmaceutical Ltd., Kishanpura (Baddi)
Period                : 25th May 2016 to till date
Designation           : Executive

Previous Organization:-
Organization          : Godrej Consumer Products Ltd. (Baddi)
Period                : 19th August 2008 to 24th May 2016
Designation           : Sr. Supdt.
Total experience      : 9 years & 4 months


Job Profile:-
Performance Management System
      Setting of KRAs of Quality employees.
      Preparation, assessment & discussion of annual goal sheets of employees with respective HODs.
      Preparation of mid-year appraisal sheet w.r.t. Quality Employees.
      Coordination in annual & mid-year appraisal system with HO.
      Compilation of base data of final ratings of employee's for annual & half yearly performance
      Preparing and issuing letters of increments/promotions.
      Redressal of grievances of employees related to the appraisal process.

Talent Management:-
      Preparing annual manpower budget for quality department.
      Coordinate and manage recruitment of employees at various levels as per annual manpower budget.
      Organizing walk in interviews for various positions.
      Attract, select, recruit and induct the talent; Handle the whole recruitment cycle from pre-joining to post
       joining.
      Preparing an induction schedule as per SOP for new joinees.
      Ensuring their smooth induction and assimilation into new environment.
      Collecting feedback after their Induction and ensuring corrective action wherever required.
      Completing joining & separation process on online portal (Genesis) and SAP.
Training and Development
    Conduct Training Needs Identification exercise.
    Consolidation of Organizational Training Needs & formulation of Training Calendar (Annually &
     Monthly)
    Identification of Sources for Training Delivery & Organizing the Training programs as per schedule.
    Coordinating and implementation of training programs.
    Monitoring and reviewing the progress of trainees through follow up questionnaires and through
     discussion with trainees. Analyze and capture data on training effectiveness and look at various ways to
     improve the training mechanisms.
    Maintaining periodic data of the training details of the employees and updating the same for
     managements reference.
    Initiated training to Contract Workers as per SOP.


Employee Engagement Activities:
    Co-coordinating Quality Circle movement.
    Initiating corrective actions on employee engagement survey at different levels
    Ensuring continuous communication and employee engagement activities for the employees according
     to TQM Road Map.
    Organizing HR-Helpdesk, open house (Share & Care) & organizing G-Connect sessions for new joinees.
    Planning and celebration of various occasions, Days (Republic day, Independence day etc.), Annual day
     etc.
    Organizing CSR activities in nearby village & schools.

Legal (Labour Laws):
    Maintaining all registers & records required under all labour laws like Factories Act, Contract Labour
     act, Apprentice Act, Minimum wages act.
    Responsible for submission of periodic returns to various Govt. departments related to Labour laws.

Industrial Relations:
    Conduct periodic reviews / monthly meetings with Contractor to audit their records.
    To ensure peaceful harmonious & cordial Industrial relation in the unit.
    Seek into the dispute matter, grievance redressal, resolving all kind of disputes and grievances at plant
     level, issuing warning, show cause notice & charge sheet.
    Handling Data-Integrity related issues in quality department.

Educational Profile: -
    Master of Business Administration (Dual specialization- Human Resource & Marketing Management)
     from Himachal Pradesh University, Shimla. (Session 2006-08) with 64% marks.
    Bachelor of Arts from Himachal Pradesh University, Shimla with 67% marks in year 2006.
    Senior secondary with Arts from HPBSE Dharamshala with 62% marks in year 2003.
    Matriculation from HPBSE Dharamshala with 61% marks in year 2001.
Projects Undertaken During M.B.A: -
     Six weeks summer training in Ambuja Cements Limited Darlaghat plant. Project undertaken during
      training period Implementation of Contractual Labour Laws in Ambuja Cements Ltd.
     Dissertation project in Cadila Health Care Limited Baddi under the title Recruitment and Selection
      Process.
     Survey for Samsung Electrical Appliances in Baddi, Barotiwala & Nalagarh region.


Personal Information: -

    Name                             :   Puneet
    Date of Birth                    :   17/06/1986
    Fathers Name                    :   Late Sh. Nalni Kant
    Mothers Name                    :   Smt. Vidya Devi
    Marital Status                   :   Married
    Sex                              :   Male
    Nationality                      :   Indian
    Languages Known                  :   English, Hindi
    Hobbies                          :   Listening to music,reading, photography & bike riding.
    Permanent address                :   Vill. & P.O. -Batal Tehsil. - Arki
                                         Distt. - Solan, Himachal Pradesh
                                         Pin: 173208

Declaration: -

                I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct to the best of my knowledge and
I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.




Place: Baddi                                                                       Puneet
