                           Dada Khalandar Y

# 22&23, 10th Main, Manjunatha Layout
Munekolalam, Marathalli- 560037
Mobile: 9880352589
E-mail: zhmb9.zy@gmail.com
Offical E-mail: khalandar.y@globalcp.in



Profile Statement:

A motivated, energetic and outgoing individual with Strengths in training and
team Management focused on bottom-line, well organized and action oriented
problem solver who thrives on innovative challenges & excellent interpersonal
skills in a variety of working environments with Effective communication skills.


Objective:

To associate myself with an organization that provides an opportunity to use my
proficient skill, improve my knowledge and to be part of a team that works
dynamically towards the growth of the organization.


CORE COMPETENCIES

 Over 8 years of experiencing in Administrative Management
 Cost Control over Admin overheads & Quality consciousness
 Compliance with Quality systems & procedures
 Process improvements
 Independent and good decision making skills
 Leadership & Managerial ability
 Communication & Negotiation skills
 Analytical & Problem solving skills




Confidential                                                             Page 1 of 2
WORK EXPERIENCE

1. Senior Executive- Facilities & Logistics: EXL Services, Bangalore 
December 2009 till June 2015

EXL is a leading business process outsourcing (BPO) company specializing in
Finance, Accounting, Taxation, Research & Analytics and IT Advisory Services.

2. Assistant Manager-Admin & Facility: Hinduja Global Solution,
Bangalore-July 2015 till February 2017
'Hinduja Global Solutions is an Indian pure play business and service provider headquartered in
Bangalore, and part of the Hinduja Group. Formerly known as HTMT Global,

3. Senior Executive-Facilities Admin: Global Consumer Products,
Bangalore  August 2017 till date

 Global Consumer Products Private Limited (Global CP) is set up as a FMCG platform to create
brands that captures favorable macroeconomic factor


Current Responsibilities:

Job Responsibilities


Client, Cafeteria and Pantry Management

Efficient management of Cafeteria and Pantry services to ensure high service
standards with a mission of total customer satisfaction

 Over all in charge for F&B services, cafeteria operations front office operations &
  Hospitality services
 Handling multiple vendors- catering, vending machine, retail vendor, event
  organizers
 Auditing and Processing of food and beverages bills.
 Monthly Vendor Audit (Monthly & Quarterly)
 Handling Monthly Food Test & Water test
 Cafeteria Refurbishment (New Counters, Equipments, vendor)
 Handling Equipment procurement & maintenance
 Handling Beverages consumption & Stock indent
 Handling Reception operations and staff reporting
 Client Service, Cabin setups, fine Dinning arrangements
 Handling in house event, liaising up with Managers, Secretaries & coordinators.
 Managing Outdoor Events (New joinee Events, Team outing)
 Vendor Negotiations & Development Training
 Menu planning on weekly bases & Food Ordering for the employees as per the
  requirement



Confidential                                                                             Page 2 of 2
 Handling Housekeeping & Pantry boys, Preparing duty chart, Task assignment and
  Work Evaluations.
 Stationary Store Indent & Housekeeping Store indent
 Managing Petty Cash
 Supporting AV Team for conference room bookings
 Out sourcing Vendors for the events (stage, florist, photographers )
 Catering Hotels & Restaurants for In House & Out Door VIP Events & Menu
  Planning
 Incorporating with the chef for month vise food festival & theme events menu
  planning and executing
 Maintaining check list for all the vendors, first in & first out checklist for food &
  stored stock
 Filling database & Record management, hard copy checklist & soft copies in
  system
 Responding to all the mails regarding Events, food complaints & Hotel bookings


Security and Access Control System

 Responsible for Building and Fire security
 Arranging mock drills and firefighting training sessions for employees.
 Over all control over ID cards printing.
 Access cards configuration, Modification and deletion for Vendors, Clients and
  Employees
 Conducting and reviving access control system on Quarterly basics.
 Coordinating with external and internal auditors for access control auditing

Housekeeping

  Maintenance of good housekeeping systems & practices including continuous
  Training of housekeepers to ensure stringent clean room conditions introduction
  areas, external areas & plant housekeeping.

 Supporting for Deployment of HK staff
 Supporting for chemical and housekeeping materiel issuing
 Taking care of Attendance, Check list and MOM of the Housekeeping Vendor
 Taking care of the End to End Cleanliness of the premises
 Preparing the daily, weekly and Monthly cleaning schedule for HK team


Transportation
Responsible for management of transport Infrastructure, including staff cab
services- pick up and drops and company vehicles with high levels service
orientation and cost effectiveness. Overall in-charge of transportation



Confidential                                                                Page 3 of 2
 Handling a team of Transport Desk
 Scheduling and tracking of cabs, monitoring on dispatch of buses and recording
  their arrival and departure timings.
 Consolidations of Roasters.
 Billing (Checking trip sheets using averages, real distances and other gen. matrix)
 Negotiation and preparing for agreement for vendors on behalf of company
 Preparing reports on utilization of vehicles, cost involved to company and break of
  the same, adherence login and control of logouts.
 Handling escalations on drivers, vendors transport desk, checking constantly on
  employee satisfaction levels.
 Inspection of vehicles, like for meter tampering, documents, and general vehicle
  health.
 Arranging for security guards for lady employees during nights.
 Induction to drivers on dos and donts of traffic, behavioral matters with regard to
  employees/general public, uniform and other corporate requirements and
  responsibilities.
 Arranging of luxury vehicles on special occasions like client visits, team outings,
  personal transport requirements of employees etc and billing connected to the
  same.
 Managing and controlling the team of supervisors from various vendors.


General Administration

 Accommodation management
  Ensure comfortable stay for outstation candidates & employees of other location
  at guesthouse
 Event management
  Taking care of all arrangements for events like Company Annual Day, Picnics,
  team outings, internal and external meetings, lunch arrangement for high profile
  visitors, Clients etc.
 Induction to new entrants
  Introduction to all new entrants on all Administrative facilities provided by the
  Company along with rules and regulations through interactive power point
  presentation
 Vendor Management
  Management of all service providers and their staff to achieve high standards of
  service levels
 Budgeting and MIS preparation
  o Budget tracking & Cost Containment
  o Ensure adherence to budget expenditure and continuously drive down costs
  o Preparation of monthly accruals reports for all vendors
  o Preparation of periodic forecast reports to management
  o Filing, documenting and securing such reports to be made available on
      demand

 Customer Relations



Confidential                                                               Page 4 of 2
    Prompt grievance handling of employees in all administration related matters
    and ensuring effective and timely redressal measures in areas such as
    cafeteria, transport, facility upkeep & maintenance, health & safety.
    Handling Guest relations activities for all overseas employees,
    clients and visitors.



QALIFICATION

   Bachelors degree in Commerce from Kendriya Vishwavidyalaya Tamil Nadu
   SSLC from Lourdes Boys High School Davanagere


Personal Details

Fathers Name           :       Abdul Munaf
Date of Birth            :     01.12.1983
Languages Known        :        Kannada, English, and Hindi.
Hobbies                      :         Listening to Music, Playing Cricket & Travelling.
Computer Skill           :     Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook


EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

   Participated in college Cricket Team.
   Actively participated in College functions like college day, conducting cultural
    programmers etc.,



                                                                Dada Khalandar Y




Confidential                                                                   Page 5 of 2
