DEEPAK.B.N


#9, 2nd floor, RK Block, JC Nagar, Bangalore - 560006
Mobile  88849 55786
E-mail id  deeepakiran85@gmail.com


Career Objective: To secure Challenging position to utilize my skills, abilities and
Knowledge for the growth of the organization and as an individual.


Core Competency at a glance



T   e   a   m       H   a   n   d   l   i   n   g   Data Management      Tr a i n i n g & D e v e l o p m e n t


Work Experience in Software: ERP & SAP


Worked as Dip Manager / KYC Analyst in CalibeHR C/o SBI CARDS, Aug17 Till Date


       Handling 15staff under my team
       Coordinate with sales team & process their applications in their SE codes
       Checking the process of EKYC Qd done
       Reprocessing the TAT expire applications
       Analysis of Surrogates with Store wise Applications done by team
       Monitoring on Sales return applications
       Monitoring on RTB ( Return to branch applications )
       MIS Monitoring to ensure plan of dispatch to achieve target
       Train all team staff for reducing error



Worked as Operation Executive in CalibeHR C/o SBI CARDS, July 16 to Aug17


       KYC Analysis
       Analysis of Surrogates with Store wise Applications
       Update on Sales return applications
       Monitoring on RTB ( Return to branch applications )
       MIS Monitoring to ensure plan of dispatch

Worked as W/H Supervisor in Indoarya Logitics C/o KOHLER, Apr13 to Jun 15
     Checking & Maintaining Invoicing outward, GRN Inward, MIS Report, MMR Report, DSR Report &
TAT report in SAP
    Maintaining vehicle utilization
    Handling & maintaining the Physical Stock, Authorized person for maintaining the High value items.
    Managing and Ensuring the vehicle availability as per goods dispatch plan.
    Checking daily physical stock verification & Informing to head office with details
    Handling & keeping Damage stock details separately.
     Handling 17 staffs in Bangalore Branch.




    Senior Commercial Supervisor / Admin incharge Promoted to Vardhman A&E, Apr10  Mar13

     Maintenance Warehouse stocks in ERP
     Maintenance of Commercial document i.e. Proof of Delivery, Inward & Outward invoice details,GRN
receipt,
    Handling petty cash, Office maintaining
     Handling E.Suguma, Sales return goods & rejected stock details in ERP
    . Maintaining ERP Report Generation & Teaching to other staffs
     Handling & Installing ERP software to New system & configuring Internet to all system
    Handling 5 Customer care executives staff, 2 billing staff & 3 Warehouse staff.


Worked as Customer care Executive Team Leader in Ranstand C/o Vardhman A&E, Sep-06  Apr-10
    Direct selling of industrial sewing threads to the apparel. Order receiving from the Customers.
     Indenting the same to the factory and follow up the Material from Factory till it reaches to the customer
      Place, to ensure timely delivery of the Material,
     Handling 5 Customer care executives under me
    . Involving with the customers in the development of new thread, Shades which plays a very important
      role in their new style of garment developments.


Major Customers Handled
      Shahi Exports Pvt Ltd. ( Brand MEXX, OLD NAVY, GAP )
    Silver crest clothing Pvt Ltd ( Brand Raymond )
    Arvind Ltd ( GAP DENIUM )
    Unitex Apparels ( LEVIS )
    Page Industries ( Jockey )


Academic Record:
        Completed S.S.L.C in Corporation Tasker Town in 1999
        Diploma in Mechanical T.E.S Polytechnic year 2001 incomplete
        Completed B.Com In Techno Global.University
        Basic Computer
        Dot.Net / Sharepoint Admistration / Developer Incomplete




Hobbies :
 Listening to Music & watching movie.
 Reading Magazines.
 Playing & Watching Cricket.
 Travel Tour & getting knowledge of new places


Strengths:

 Hard Working.
 Punctual.
 Honest.
 Strong Confidence


Personal Details:
 Father's Name: Narendra Babu.B.N
 Date of birth: 07-02-1985
 Language's known: English, Kannada, Hindi. Tamil, Telugu
 Language's known to Speak & Write: English, Kannada, Hindi.
 Sex: Male
 Nationality: Indian.


Place: Bangalore                                       (SIGNATURE)
Date :   Deepak.B,N
