DEEPAK KUMAR PAL
Mobile: +91-9670226333, ~ E-Mail: deepakorai1990@gmail.com
Seeking assignments as Human Resource Management-Generalist with an organization of
repute so as to deliver my knowledge and skills in the best way by mutually contributing
towards the Organizations growth.


                           ~ Senior Executive  Human Resources ~

   - HR/ HRM                            - Statutory Compliance                          - Full & final
Settlement
   - Training & Development                    - Employee Relations                     - Liaison with
authorities
   - Employees Orientation                    - Payroll Management                                   -
Records & Return
   - General Administration                     - Contract Labour management                         -
Industrial Relation

 Offering over 7.0 years of comprehensive experience of human resource management in
  manufacturing industry / factory including statutory compliance, industrial relation,
  employee welfare, contract labour management.
 Exposure in payroll processing, grievance handling, work committee, day to day operation
  of factory.
 Gained good understanding of implementing innovative Strategies and HR Interventions
  for accelerated growth of the organisation.
 Adept at people management, maintaining healthy employee relations, handling
  employee grievances thus creating an amicable & transparent environment.
 An effective communicator with the ability to motivate personnel towards achieving
  organisational objectives and adhering to industry best practices.

Work Experience
Since October 2016 to Continue                        HINDUSTAN GLASS WORKS LTD, Allahabad
Sr. Executive-HR.
Reporting to Manager HR
Key responsibility across the tenure:

      Employee Welfare activity i.e Canteen, transportation,occupational health center, routine
       medical checkup
      Staffing, conduct the interview, joining formalities, employee orientation and on boarding
      Preparation of statutory challans i.e. PF , ESIC, LWF and remittance of contribution
      Preparation of records, returns as per applicable labour & industrial laws and timely
       submission
      Time keeping,Payroll processing, timely disbursement of wages, wages data analysis and
       rectification
      Preparation of MIS to support management in strategy making and planning


Since August 2013 to September 2016                           PARLE AGRO PVT LTD, VARANASI
Executive-HR
Reporting to Manager HR
Key responsibility across the tenure:
      Contract labour management, contractor compliance, audit of compliance records
      Employee engagement activity, open house, family visit, game, and other engagement activity
      Ensuring good house keeping of entire plant
      Employee Welfare activity i.e Canteen, transportation,occupational health center, routine
       medical checkup
      Preparation of statutory challans i.e. PF , ESIC, LWF and remittance of contribution
       maintenance of Statutory register
      Time keeping,Payroll processing, timely disbursement of wages, wages data analysis and
       ratification
      Managing canteen committee, transport committee, safety committee and others
      General administration of factory i.e. stationary, gardening, pantry, transportation


 Since December 2010 to August 2013                     APARAJITHA CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED
Executive Personal

   Aparajitha is a leading end to end HR Solutions Company with a focus on Compliance Audit,
   Establishment Compliance Management, Factory Compliance Management, Contract Labour
   Regulation, Flexi Staffing, and Payroll Services to Client Organizations. With a national presence
   covering 30 states and distinguished list of clients across all segments.

  Worked on Aparajitha roll for:

        CADBURY INDIA LIMITED, MALANPUR, GWALIOR
        HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED, KHALILABAD, UTTAR PRADESH
  Key responsibility across the tenure:
      Training schedule preparation and conduct the Training
       Preparation of statutory challans i.e. PF , ESIC, LWF and remittance of contribution
      Maintenance of Statutory register Organize Party- i.e. R & R Party, Welfare Party, Annual
       Functions
      Time keeping,Payroll processing, timely disbursement of wages, wages data analysis and
       rectification
      Maintenance of Statutory records & register as per applicable labour and industrial laws
      Preparation of MIS to support management in strategy making and planning
      Handling statutory compliance audit and Inspection by labour authorities

Academic Qualification

      MSW from Allahabad Agricultural University in 2014
      B.C.A from Gwalior (MCRPV University Bhopal) in 2009
      Intermediate from UP Board Allahabad in 2006
      High school from UP Board Allahabad in 2004


IT Know-How

    Well versed with Windows XP / Vista / 7, Microsoft Office, Open Office.


Personal Minutiae

Date of Birth:       6 November 1990
Fatrer Name:             Nand Ram Pal
Address:                   H.No.798 Near of Railway Station Indra Nagar Orai- Jalaun (U.P.)
Languages Known:   Hindi, English


                                    Deepak Kumar Pal
