                                      Deepshikha Sonkar
                                 sonkardeepshikha.ds@gmail.com


                                              OBJECTIVE:
Obtain a position in company where my hard work, dedication and ability to acquire new skill will
help me grow along with the organization, with 8+ years of experience in international processes.
Managed several clients, provided Strategic HR Support via good knowledge of MS Office and
several ERP. Good understanding of Employee Engagement Model and Annual Survey
interpretation. Worked for most of the geography (UK, North America, EMEA and APAC region),
working knowledge of Workday, Alt & I manage. Exposure for Mobile, FMCG, Travel & Tourism,
Banking, Semiconductors & It industries.



                                 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Organization:   PeopleStrong*
Department:     HR
Duration:       11 July, 2016  Till Date
Designation:    Manager HRSS
Key             Working as a strategic partner for one of the biggest FMCG client. Current Project
Deliverables:   standardizing the recruitment and On-Boarding process at Pan India level,
                conceptualizing & executing talent management framework, attrition management
                and cost reduction. Working as a change agent and implementing several OD
                interventions. Suggesting ERP changes/automations, Sharing the deviation in
                process at PAN India level and designing programs to fill the gaps, Vendor
                Management. I have a team of Assistant Managers and Team Leader reporting me, span of
                control is 25000+. Along with the ongoing activities of recruiting 500+ employees every
                week. Working with Circle & regional HRs ensuring smooth Recruitment and On-boarding of
                all the employees. Ensuring the Training is conducted at all the location seamlessly.
                Ensuring the profitability of the project jubilant. Preparing the entire analytics, design &
                lead Strategic HR intervention for the client, sharing the future plans for
                improving the process, work with regional HRs to implement the suggested
                initiatives, employee engagement, change management to address the current &
                future business challenges & opportunities, Process re-engineering, Identifying the
                gaps, Conducting Governance Meetings.
                Provide advice & support to the Assistant Managers, Team leaders and front line
                HR on decisions pertaining to people matters and ensure high level of ownership
                on talent engagement, retention & development agenda, proper utilization of
                resources. Working on continuous improvement, making teams engaged. Working with the
                TA team and taking final operations rounds of interview at PAN India level for PeopleStrong.
                Heading Skip level meetings & Employee Programs as per the requirement.


Initiatives     Designing a workshop on developing the managerial skills and creating the
Taken           pipeline of managers (presently working on the creating the framework of
                recruitment & interviewing skills).




Organization:   AONHewitt
Department:     HR Operations
Duration:       1st May 2014  26th April 2016
Designation:    IND Operations Manager
Key             Managing HR Operations, providing strategic support to 5 fortune 500 clients. Span of control
                20,000+. Help the clients identify the gap in issues related to HCM (Position
Deliverables:   Management, Job Management, Compensation, Performance Appraisal,
                Organization Management, Workforce Management, Recruitment, Learning and
                development) while processing the entire employee life cycle (Hire to Retire).
                Working with the TA group (Talent acquisition group), taking Interviews (final
                round) Induction, New hire On-boarding/ orientation, and exit formalities.
                Handling a team of 20 direct reports (who resolve/process HR transactions/ Grievances via
                chat, call and email) and managing 5 clients, conducting weekly monthly and quarterly
                meetings for Strategic support. Sharing HR MIS details and providing several analytics reports
                to the clients to manage the WF better, training need identification. Suggesting various
                methods to track the data and designing several methodologies to dissolve the gap.
                Designed & conducted several training programs for the clients and help them in change
                management for the various changes in the processes.
                 Ensure high standards of work delivery. Manage escalations, CSAT and accuracy for the
                team. Managing the quality of quality analysts, trainers and floor supervisors. Publishing
                reports creating action plans basis the quality report analysis. Managing PIP, TNI and
                Refresher training design. Training calendar creation for process and development trainings,
                shrinkage and cost analysis.
                Conducting team members certification on an ongoing basis. Manage the lead trainers for
                client specific plans and provisions for future ramp ups/backfills. Audit Control for various HR
                processes, Create goals and performance plans. Maintaining and improving the overall quality
                of service delivery. Responsible for client's SLA results. Management of teams productivity.
                Lead Lean initiatives within the team/process.
                Associate Engagement and Development including attrition management,
                managing EWS. Resource planning. Implement operational improvements.
                Conducted trainings and info shares. Associated with learning and development
                team. Integrate with on-shore team to develop a strong business relationship of various work
                groups. Driving engagement initiatives. Planning for volume spikes and out of scopes.
                Tracking and improving capacity and utilization of resources.
                Manage the team & leverage the talent/resources on the team to generate results
                Conduct necessary performance management conversations with associates every month;
                Reinforce and holds associates accountable for behaviors that support Hewitt Policies and
                Guideline.
Projects                Conducted several Development trainings like- Train the Trainer sessions,
Conducted
                         Business excellence training, Culture Training, Ethics session, New Hire
                         Orientation, Managers of Tomorrow
                        Reduction on Employee Grievances, Timely distribution of Awards and
                         Rewards, Policy Awareness sessions
                        Yearly Employee Engagement survey, conducted Employee Engagement Week for
                         538 employees (includes inter team competition, engagement and team building
                         activities)
                        Part of Absence Team Ramp up, increasing the team size from 5 to 90 in 3 months,
                         worked with various departments in HR and Training to ensure no impact on
                         operations. Strategic support to the internal stakeholders, in planning the IJP
                         numbers and external hires
                        Implemented a new client Grief in the year 2014-15 (From scoping till Deployment)
                         Large scale projects located in 3 different locations (India, London and Woodland
                         Taxes)-   HR   Operations   (recruitment,   on-boarding),   Training   &   development,
                         employee requests
                        Implemented a new client GBT in the year 2015 (From Scoping till Deployment)
                         Large scale projects located in 3 different locations (India, London and Woodland
                         Texas) - HR Operations (recruitment, on-boarding), Training & development,
                         employee life cycle.
                        Initiated several projects for process improvements (verbatim analysis, self-
                         evaluation, Volume and shift management, Shift rotation methodology, Transport
                         cost rationalization- Six Sigma Green belt Project)
                        Part of the Policy formation, revision & implementation project for the entire HRSS
                         cluster
                          Part of compensation benchmarking project for the clients.
Organization:
Department:       AONHewitt
Duration:         HR Operations (Compensation & Benefits)
Designation:      13th August 2009 - April 2014
Key               Team Developer (Process Trainer, Quality Coach and Supervisor)
Deliverables:       Managing benefits of the employees (pay slip, life insurance, coverage amount,
                  premium and beneficiary, maintain the eligibility for medical insurance, 401K resolving
                  the HR benefits of the employees and providing appropriate solution. Mentoring and
                  coaching the new hires. Creating and maintaining SOPs. TNI and conducting
                  certifications, Employee Engagement. Was part of annual policy and salary review
                  for operations perspective, for clients. Working on internal and Client escalations and
                  client request (scoping and risk analysis)
Initiatives
Taken             I have handled the manual eligibility Project for the Freescale Gurgaon Team. I was part of the
                  Dependent Eligibility project. I worked as a Training SPOC for the CS group (The
                  completion rate was improved by 18%). Was part of the engagement Council, I was also
                  responsible for processing the documents that we receive from the customers in Imaging and
                  updating the MIS reports for Freescale. Trained several New Hires and worked as their
Organization:     mentor. Nominated and Attended train the trainer Sessions.
Department:
Duration:         Barclays Shared Services

Designation:      Operations
                  30th June 2008- 1st June 2009

Key               Process Advisor

Deliverables:
                  Banking Process-Establishing correct understanding, Resolving Grievances, providing
                  the resolution and taking the feedback, escalating it to higher authorities. Up-selling
                  various services.




                                      ACADEMIC INFORMATION

                                                            BOARD/             YEAR OF
   QUALIFICATION                 INSTITUTE                                                        MARKS
                                                           UNIVERSITY          PASSING

         MBA-HR                ICFAI Hyderabad            IFHE University      Pursuing           Pursuing


          B.Sc.                D.G.P.G. College         C.S.J.M. University      2006              68.3%

Higher Secondary XIIth       Huddard High School              I.S.C.E.           2002              61.4%

      Secondary Xth          Huddard High School                                 2000              65.3%
                                                              I.C.S.E.

                                      AWARDS/ACHIEVEMENTS

                             DETAILS OF THE AWARD/ACHIEVEMENT                                       YEAR
Won several debates and essay competitions at school and inter school level.
                                                                                                  1996  02

                                                                                                   2001-02
Won Congenial Student award at school level
                                                                                                     2010
Premier Team Award
                                                                                              (July-September)
                                                                                                    2011
Benefits Champs
                                                                                                 (November)
                                                                                                   2011
GOLD Trainer
                                                                                                (September)
                                                                                                    2011
Impromptu Award
                                                                                                  (October)
Gold Award          Personal&
                    Hobbies   Profile
                               Interests
                                                                                                                 2014 (March)
                    Skill Set
Premier Team Award                                                                                             2014(December)


                                  POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY HELD

                                       DETAILS                                       SKILLS ACQUIRED                    PERIOD
                                                                                                                       August 14
                                                                               Organizing events and
Lead Fundo Team for the APAC Teams                                                                                         till
                                                                               actives (weekly)
                                                                                                                       October15
                                                                                                                       August 14
                                                                               Managing Events at Org.
Part of Engagement Council                                                                                                 till
                                                                               level (Monthly)
                                                                                                                       October15
                                                                               Better understanding of the             2011  Till
Manual eligibility SPOC for Freescale
                                                                               CNNC files, possible trends.               Date
                                                                               Improved verbal and written
                                                                               communication skills, Proper
School
                                                                               page distribution, and
              Editor of magazine VISIONS                                                                              2000-02
                                                                               attractive page designs.




        Computer Skills
              Platforms                                             : Windows
              E R P ( Wo r k i n g k n o w l e d g e ) : Wo r k d a y , A d r e n a l i n , I - M a n a g e , A l t
              S o f t w a r e Pa c k a g e s u s e d    : M i c r o s o f t O ffi c e .




        G r a p h o l o g y.
        Re a d i n g
        Tr a v e l i n g




        Born on                         :         26th May,1983
        Fa t h e r  s N a m e          :         M r. R . P. S o n k a r
        Phone No.                       :        9910018664
        Gender                          :         Fe m a l e
        Nationality                     :         Indian
        Languages known                 :         English, Hindi.


D AT E : M a y 3 1 , 2 0 1 8                                             S I G N AT U R E :
