                                            DHIRAJ DONGARE
                              Flat No 304, Celsia, Rosali LX, Khadakpada, Kalyan. West.
                                Phone # 91 9820003285 E-Mail: hrdhirajd@gmail.com

   CAREER OBJECTIVE

            As an experienced HR professional, I would like to utilize my earlier experience and knowledge in HR field
            by contributing to the progress and advancement of the firm, I would be putting my best use of my knowledge
            and experience while taking important decisions related to the company and for the people associated with it.


   PROFILE
           Dynamic professional around nine years of experience in operational leadership, human resources
            management, industrial relationship, statutory compliance, and organizational development in highly
            decentralized organizations.
           Innovative training and development professional with extensive experience in the design, delivery,
            evaluation, in safety management.
           Highly articulate and effective communicator with excellent team-building and interpersonal skills; work well
            with individuals at all levels with extensive Industrial Relation platform.
           Strong Liaoning Skills across all government department
           Impressive record of streamlining operations, developing and implementing organizational solutions, and
            applying overall human resources expertise to impact accomplishment of strategic goals.
           Respected Leader, able to build highly motivated team focused on achieving team goals and objectives.
           Exposure in a cross-cultural and highly diversified team set-up.
           Proficient in Search Engine Optimization and various MS Office applications (i.e. Excel, Word,
            PowerPoint)
           Effective communicator and fluent in written and verbal English.
           M.B.A in International Business from Coventry University, UK.


  SR MANAGER-HUMAN RESOURCES & CORPORATE AFFAIRSWITH
   OCTAGA GREEN POWER & SUGAR LIMITED, MUMBAI,
                       INDIA

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Octaga Green Power & Sugar Limited

   Octaga Green has strategically conceptualized and designed the project of: Distillery (40 KLPD) + 1MW
   Power to produce absolute alcohol/Rs/ENA from sugar cane juice, molasses and gain. Bagasse based co-
   generation Power Plant (16MW). Sugar Plant (3000 TCD) in Kolhapur and Belgaum district. The
   company's approach is green and with diminishing traditional energy sources, Octaga Green will play an
   instrumental part in renewable energy and its futuristic impact, globally.

Full Time                                                                            Sep 2011 toTill Date

Directly Reporting to the MD


Responsibilities Included
Recruitment, Induction & Redeployment:
   Identify business manpower requirements through continuous interaction with various Departmental Heads.
   Develop / Implement new recruitment / selection policies as per staff projections.
   Manage a team of recruiters engaged in sourcing potential candidates for various processes.
   Optimize channels of recruitment, specifically recruitment database subscriptions.
   Maintain a healthy database, pipeline of potential hires and plan Back-to-Back hiring.
   Facilitate Induction and Orientation for new employees.
   Create job descriptions.
   Efficiently and effectively fill open positions.
   Develop a pool of qualified candidates in advance of need.
   Research and recommend new sources for active and passive candidate recruiting.
   Build networks to find qualified passive candidates.
   Post openings in newspaper advertisements, with professional organizations, and in other position appropriate venues.
   Utilize the Internet for recruitment
Salary & Payroll Functions: (Compensation & Benefits):
   Compensation & Benefits structure benchmarking for various bands as per the prevailing trends in the job market.
   Payroll Processing.
   Execute with prior approval, Soft loans, education loan, Group Medical Insurance & other hr Benefits.
   Effectively manage bonus & other incentive payouts calculations for entire team.
   Leave Accounting.

Industrial Relations
       Ensuring prompt resolution of employee grievances and counselling to maintain cordial management-employee
        relations and achieve dedication by the workers.

       Disciplinary actions which included servicing memos, conducting domestic enquiry and issuing final orders and
        also liaise with legal consultants in this regard.

       Liaisioning with the labour department / Inspector of Factories and other statutory bodies in obtaining PF Code
        no.

       ESI code no. for new established, obtaining certification for standing orders and factory plan approval, factory
        licence renewal.

       Negotiating and amicable settling of issues among the Workmen & Unions arising due to Time Office, Salary &
        Wage Administration matters.


Employee Welfare & Relations:
 Act as the Supreme Career Counselor for Support functions through their Performance Development Plans.
 Implement Performance Management System & identify scope for enhancement by linkage to Variable incentive
plan.
 Initiate & drive various rewards & recognition (R&R) programs.
 Formulate new hr policies aligned with organizational requirement basis & as per corporate trend analysis.
 Maintain a consistent communication plan on hr core activities across the organization levels.
 Conflict & grievance management for employees through effective counsel forums.

Performance Management

       Preparing performance management metrics.
       Executing performance management by examining the set metrics.
       Personal interview with employees for their quarterly achievement
       Preparing report on all employees and submit to management for salary hike or excellent benefit for excellent
        employees.

Liasioning

       Liasioning with Ministry of Industries
       Liasioning with Ministry of State Excise
       Liasioning with PF Office, Collector Office, ESIC Office,
       Liasioning police station, labour department, bmc
       Liasioning with Advocates for various court matters

Employees Motivation

       Provide an excellent and highly motivated environment for employees by following ways.
       Training
       Career Path
       Job Titles
       Good Work Environment
       On-the-Spot Praise
       Leadership Roles
       Team Spirit
       Social Gatherings
       Casual Dress Day.
       Time Off.
       Outside Seminars
       Stress Management.
Training & Development:
   Conduct Training Need Analysis, prepare Training Calendars & conduct Training Effectiveness Reports.
   Conduct various trainings under hr Enterprise program.
   Conduct safety management training
   Induction (Orientation) Training
   Training For Promotions (for performing duties at a higher level efficiently)
   Corrective Training ( training is necessary when employees violate company rules and procedures)
   Refreshers Training (to refresh the professional skills)

Managing Statutory & Grievance Compliances

       Look after Indian Labour Law.
       Grievance management
       Prepare appropriate contract for permanent employees.
       Look after employees, PF, ESI, Gratuity etc.
       Liaisioning with the labour department / Inspector of Factories and other statutory bodies in
        obtaining PF Code no.
       ESI code no. for new established, obtaining certification for standing orders and factory plan
        approval, factory licence renewal.
General Admin:
   Maintenance of Human Resource Information Systems & submit Periodic Reports.
   Coordinating Domestic travel / Hotel Accommodation.
   Coordinating new connections and payments for Telephones & Mobiles.
   Coordinating the payments of contract Personnel.
   Maintenance of adequate discipline among employees.
   Overall general Administration

            MANAGER-HUMAN RESOURCES WITH OCTAGA GREEN
              POWER & SUGAR LIMITED, MUMBAI, INDIA
Octaga Green Power & Sugar Limited

    Octaga Green has strategically conceptualized and designed the project of: Distillery (40 KLPD) + 1MW
    Power to produce absolute alcohol/Rs/ENA from sugar cane juice, molasses and gain. Bagasse based co-
    generation Power Plant (16MW). Sugar Plant (3000 TCD) in Kolhapur and Belgaum district. The
    company's approach is green and with diminishing traditional energy sources, Octaga Green will play an
    instrumental part in renewable energy and its futuristic impact, globally.

    Full Time                                                                           August 2009 to August 2011


       Responsibilities Included

        Preparing and issuing employment contracts to new employees.
        Making sure that all employee records are accurate and well maintained.
        Organizing induction ceremonies and training for new staff.
        Compiling the following data about employees: payroll - such as hours worked, taxes, pension contributions
       and also timesheets.
        Setting up and maintaining a employees personnel files.
        Updating both manual and electronic personnel records when a employees personal details change.
        Involved in the performance review of staff.
        Authorizing and issuing pay-slips.
        Finalizing paperwork for when a member of staff leaves employment.
        Researching a employees references and academic qualifications.
        Assisting with the recruitment and selection process.
        Checking all records to ensure they conform to the requirements of the data protection act.
        Reading all correspondence including inquiry letters, job applications and CVs that are sent in.
        Screening telephone calls for the senior recruitment managers.
        Writing job adverts and posting them on newspaper and online job boards.
        Managing a employees sickness records and paperwork.
        Attending exit interviews.
        Present when disciplinary hearings are held.
        Preparing payments for statutory returns.
        Involved in the disciplinary and grievance procedure.
        Dealing with the administration for school placements and apprentices



         HUMAN RESOURCES EXECUTIVE WITH WITH N-NIGMA
         CONSULTING &TECHNOLOGIE, BANGALORE, INDIA
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

E-Nigma Consulting & Technologies, Bangalore                                                           Nov-2005 to Dec-2007


E-Nigma Business Consulting & Technologies - a professionally managed IT/ITES Firm specializing in Consultation,
Implementation, Maintenance and Support with its associates in India, Singapore and Europe.

It is a growing, Vibrant and experienced team of consultants worked extensively on onsite and offshore activities and having been in
leading organizations with expertise in J2EE, .NET,BS7799, BCP/DRP, SAP R/3, Oracle Applications, Peoplesoft & various
BPO/KPO sectors.

Reporting to the Manager-Human Resources

 Responsibilities Included

            Induction and Joining formalities for all the new hires and joiners
            Payroll management, processing details to accounts department.
            Maintaining Staff Database.
            Preparation of full and final settlement generation of Experience Letters, Relieving Letters.
            Conducted Exit Interviews, analyzed and reported recommendations with the data.
            Maintaining & updating employee's files leave records
            Identifying training needs, organizing training programs.
            Involved in designing and implementing Recruitment policies and systems
            Taking HR initiatives like (Birthday celebrations, Development of In-house HR magazine,
            Get together etc.)
            Implementing, maintaining competencies & Performance records
            MIS Reporting
            Involved in the overall recruitment and sourcing process within the organization.
            Obtain the requirements and skill sets and make out Particulars about the mode of Recruitment like contract
             hiring or permanent hiring.
            Identifying potential sources for recruitments like Job sites, News paper advertisements, head hunting,
             employees' referrals, e-groups, personal contacts, consultancy etc) based on available budgets, within India
             and Germany.
            Posting Job advertisements in various, Job sites, web portals, and Yahoo Groups and communicating the same
             to our consultants.
            Coordinating with the technical team for technical interviews and after initial screenings forward the short-
             listed candidates CV to the client.
            Responsible for scheduling interviews, interview follow-ups, reference checks and salary negotiation and
             making offers to the prospective candidates.
            Verify their credentials and conduct initial rounds of interview.
            Recruiting & Setting targets to all recruiters and helping them to achieve on one-on-one basis.

                                      ACADEMIC PROJECTS HANDLED


            Master Dissertation in Key Challenges in Global Workplace ( International Human Resource
             Management)
            What are the reasons contribute to cash flow problem in a company? What would you recommend to
             overcome the current cash flow problem of a company?
            Prepare a new marketing plan for Nokia N8434
   Conduct an in-depth analyses of the organization using the holistic marketing concept based on a
    development ,design and implementation of marketing programme, processes and activities to gather
    evidence to that the company is an holistic marketing company.
   Identify the four components of holistic marketing and determines if they have fully adopted the Holistic
    Marketing Company, if not what recommendations would you give to company.
   In view of the regional integration of ASEAN, many international companies have adopted a Horizontal
    Foreign Direct Investment strategy in investing in ASEAN. Illustrate the rationalities and motives for
    adopting this initiative.
   The ASEAN countries are likely to experience large inflow of FDI. Critically review how it would affect the
    host countrys political economy.
   Analyse any organisation of your choice, and critically evaluate the processes through which it determines,
    implements and evaluates strategic decisions.
   Why do countries become involved in regional economic integration? Evaluate the economic costs and
    benefits of participation.
   What is meant by term globalisation? Consider the extent to which the benefits associated with globalisation
    have outweighed the costs involved?
   Choose one particular industry and examine how the process of globalisation has affected either production or
    consumption in this sector over recent years; for example, the industry could be automobiles, beer or mobile
    phones.
   Outline the contribution of either the International Monetary Fund (IMF) or the World Bank to economic
    growth in developing countries.
   Project management for Managing, Marketing and Manufacturing of Global Book Holder Pte Ltd
   Proposal for a Dissertation Titled, Key Challenges in Global Workplace
   How has Starbucks been able to attract, develop, retain, and motivate competent employees in a fast-food
    industry known for rapid turnover, minimum skills, and little employee commitment?
   Why is effective management of human resources critical to achieving a sustainable competitive advantage?



                    EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT




                                M.B.A International Business

                    Year of Passing          Feb 2008 Sep 2009
                  Name of Institution        Auston Institute of Management & Technology, Singapore
                  Name of University         Coventry University, UK




    .                                   B. A (Bachelors of Arts)

                  Year of Passing          2002-2003 to 2005-2006
                  Name of Institution      Vidyabharati Mahavidyalaya, Amravati
                  Name of University       Sant Gadage Maharaj Amravati University, India


               Maharashtra State Board of Higher Secondary Education Certificate
                    Year of Passing         2002-2003
                    Name of Board           Amravati Divisions
  Name of Institution        Sant Gadage Maharaj Mahavidyala, Murtizapur

Maharashtra State Board of Secondary Education Certificate
  Year of Passing        2000-2001
  Name of Board          Amravati Divisions
  Name of Institution     Sant Gadage Maharaj Mahavidyala, Murtizapur

                   LANGUAGE SKILLS

                  English, Hindi & Marathi



               Date of birth: 12th September 1986.
               References: Available on request
