                                            Resume
Faisal Aziz                                                                  Mobile No.: 09694801238
E:mail: azizfaisalaziz001@gmail.com,                                                      09929641238

DIFFERENTIATORS :
                                       Strong balance of creative and business sense
                                       Hunger for excellence and willingness to learn
                                       Result oriented and logical
                                       Excellent team handling abilities


Professional Experience



Branch Service Administrative (April 2012- Present)
Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd.
Role of Talent Pro

While my working in SIEL I Learn a lot how to handle Service Partners & how to keep a
check eye on them. My KRA Include:
    1.   Reconciliation:
             a)   To thoroughly check the in warranty data on the basis of which payment has been
                  made to service partners as per the policy by the company.
             b)   We have to look out that is there any wrong claim passed to the ESC on the basis of
                  the certain parameters & policy of the organization.
             c)   We also look that is there any claim left out for which payment has to be made to
                  service partners so that we can add that in our reconciliation
             d)   On the basis of above mentioned points we make out whether amount is to debited
                  or credited on the basis of final working of reconciliation.


    2.   Monthly Defective Verification:
             a)   During this activity we check all the in warranty parts for the particular month for
                  which payment has been made to service partners by visiting them personally and
                  dispose those parts as per the policy of company & also debits to the ESC if any
                  discrepancy found there.
             b)   We also go through the Return Material Authorization (RMA) for that particular month
                  that every parts has been dispatched or not.


    3.   Abnormal Calls Verification:
             a)   In this activity we reworks on the data or calls found by HO Audit teams to verify
                  whether he calls were Normal or Abnormal.
             b) During this activity we sometimes make a happy call to customers or we verify it by
                 CSR whatever is the matrix provided by CSHO
             c) On the basis of the final working done by our team the CSHO team debits the amount
                 which are found to be abnormal.


    4.   C-Form & Balance Confirmation Submission:
            a)    These both the activity are done on the quarterly basis.


    5.   CSR,TCR & Inventory Audit:
            a)    These activities are done on the random basis or when asked by the higher
                  management.
            b)    In this we match 100% physical inventory as per the system of SIEL and the excess
                  parts are scraped & short parts are to be adjusted in the system & a warning is
                  issued to the ESC for the discrepancy found.
            c)    During CSR Audit we check thorough all the documents related & on the basis of the
                  final report appropriate action is taken against the ESC.
            d)    While checking the TCR we ensure that there should be no overcharges from the
                  customer & no inwarranty call is found for which customer has paid & there are
                  certain parameters as per the policy of the company which has to be checked.
Manager (2005-2009)
Thakur Publishers Pvt Ltd.
On Role

    1.   Production:
            a)   Appointing vendor on contract basis to get Production completed through

            b)   Issuing Work Order, supplying Raw material through other vendors and getting work
                 done in time
            c)   Verifying Product, Bills, Invoices, vouchers, Credit and Debit notes, etc.
            d)   Maintaining of Account of Vendors and their Raw material and finished goods
            e)   Responsible to make payment of vendors in time
    2.   Distribution:

            a)   Receiving of purchase order from client as per requirement
            b)   Packing and Packaging of goods
            c)   Arrangement of logistic for complete the orders of client pan India level
            d)   Making sure that there should be no shortage of supply at any Retail point in any
                 state.


    3.   Management of store:
            a)   Arrangement of proper storage and to reach out easily
            b)   Audit of store inventory
            c)   Verifying periodically in-out register and vouchers.



EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION


   Graduate in Commerce with Honors from AMU Aligarh, 1999
   Ex. MBA Finance from NIBM Chennai

Skills
   Desk Top Publishing
    6 Months Training of Computer organized by Uttar Pradesh govt.

   Tally
    One month certificate course of Computer Accountancy

   Electronic Repairing
    A certificate course in Mobile Repairing

   Seminar on 4G Wireless network.
    This technology is the advancement of 3G wireless technology which uses OFDMA, this technology
    will be using ipv6 rather than ipv4 address .It gives much faster speed for downloading data, video
    for mobile &other wireless components.



PERSONAL DETAIL        :
Fathers Name               :   Mr. Sibtul Aziz
Date of Birth              :   04/July/1978
Permanent Address          :   C-139, Abrar Nagar, Kalyanpur, Lucknow
Current Address            :   S-4, Plot No.: 77, Lane No.07, Bais Godam, Jaipur
Nationality                :   Indian
Language                   :   Hindi, English

DECLARATION
I, hereby declare That the above information holds true up to best of my knowledge and can be
verified if needed.

Date:
Place:                                                                                        (Faisal Aziz)
