                           CURRICULUM VITAE


H.No-2455 Aali
Badarpur
New Delhi-110044
Mob. no 7835963739
E-mail ID- gaj.inder.jeet@gmail.com


                                                                    GAJRAJ SINGH

 CAREER OBJECTIVE

Organized and goal-oriented professional seeking a position as an Executive
Assistant using strong analytical skills, knowledge of office administrative procedures
and a strong background in office management.


 EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION


 Examination     School/              Board / University     Year of Passing
                 Institution
 B.com           Delhi University     Delhi University       2011
 XII             K.V Gole Market      CBSE Board             2005
 X               K.V Gole Market      CBSE Board             2003


 WORK EXPERIENCE


      Working as a Branch Operation Manager in VU Technologies Pvt Ltd. From Oct,
       2016 to till Date
          Handle Whole operations of branch like Maintain sale , purchase of branch,
           employees queries, Maintain records of Stock-in & Stock Out, Attendance,
           voucher check/ pass and follow up with A/c Deptt for clear timely payments
           to staff and vendors.
          Tracking       Information         regarding    any      Business    Query.
           Keeping track of invoices made and supervising their payments.
           Corporate Communications & percolating the information for its
           implementation across all the hierarchical levels of office.
           Scheduling appointments, meetings and personal appearances by the
           department Heads.
          Proper Maintenance of Files
          Answering phone calls, providing information via e-mail messages for the
           department Heads.
       Responsible for maintaining the records and details of Vendors and stocks
        Managing the transportation and supply chain             of   the   company.
        Communication and coordinating with the Vendors
       Calculating the Salary and wages of employees on monthly basis.
       Proper documentation and maintenance of all records (Road Permit, Fitness
        Certificate, Raod Taxes, Goods Taxes, Insurance Policies, Form -38, DS2 etc.)
        of all commercial Vehicles related to Company.


   Working as a Admin Executive in K.K .Spun Pipes Pvt. Ltd. from Dec, 2015
    to 10 Oct 2016

       Handling the logistics and operations for PAN India
       Travel Management, Booking and Coordinating with Hotels for bookings.
        Arranging Travel arrangements for Employees through Travel Agent in
        keeping view of Employees Eligibility as per Company's HR Policy
       Tracking      Information      regarding       any      Business      Query.
        Keeping track of invoices made and supervising their payments.
        Corporate Communications & Percolating the information for its
        implementation across all the hierarchical levels of office.
        Scheduling appointments, meetings and personal appearances by the
        department manager.
       Proper Maintenance of Files
       Answering phone calls, providing information via e-mail messages for the
        department manager.
       Responsible for maintaining the records and details of Vendors and stocks
        Managing the transportation and supply chain             of   the   company.
        Communication and coordinating with the Vendors
       Calculating the Salary and wages of employees on monthly basis.
       Proper documentation and maintenance of all records (Road Permit, Fitness
        Certificate, Raod Taxes, Goods Taxes, Insurance Policies etc.) of all
        commercial Vehicles related to Company.
       Keeping track of all Pantry, House Keeping and Field Staffs work.

 Working as a Branch Coordinator in Securitrans India Pvt Ltd from
    Oct-2010 to Sep-2015
       Setting up of new Branch Office in Faridabad location
       Handled all branch operations in the office for the smooth running of
        operations.
       Handled all Documentation of 800 Company owned vehicles.
       Handled Gunmen, Driver, Guards,& 200 employees team.
        Will be responsible for co-ordination, collection & scrutinizing the relevant
         data, documents.
        Preparing Agenda, MIS Report and MOM.
        Managing the day-to-day operations of the office
        Organizing and maintaining files and records.
        Recruitment of employees
        Coordination with all vendors for stationary, housekeeping, pantry etc.
        Handling of ERP for salary, Attendance Sheet, overtime etc.
        Preparation of MIS Reports for Cash.
        Proper Liasing with Head Office
        Coordination with Banks for Cash Filling in ATMs
        Preparation of Cash Balance Report to Head Office.
        Maintenance of Vehicles in terms of Document Renewal, Challan, Insurance
         Policies etc.

  Working With Securitrans India Pvt Ltd as an Office Assistant from
    June-2006 to Sep-2010.
        Coordination with all vendors for stationary, housekeeping, pantry etc.
        Handling of ERP for salary, Attendance Sheet, overtime etc.
        Preparation of MIS Reports for Cash.
        Proper Liasoning with Head Office
        Coordination with Banks for Cash Filling in ATMs
        Preparation of Cash Balance Report to Head Office.
        Maintenance of Vehicles in terms of Document Renewal, Challan, Insurance
         Policies etc.
        Handled all Documentation of 800 Company owned vehicles


SKILLS
  Iam also responsible for ATM operation like EOD & SOD and cash management. We
   have regulate and coordinate with ATM and CIT team also making cash balance reports
   and MIS reports with all concern,
  Make a chart of all vehicle to checking of the (Insurance, Fitness, Permit) etc.
  Good Knowledge of documentation of 850 vehicles files at a time
  Good knowledge of Computer (MS-office, Ms-word, MS-excel, MS-PowerPoint, MS-
   Access, Internet Surfing).
  Iam also prepare the Monthly presentation of the company.
  Iam also prepare the MIS & making cheque to vendors of the company.
  Iam also responsible to Internal Activity like cash management route management with
   constellated team.
     Iam also responsible for Monthly internal expenditure & liquidity expense of internal &
      external.
     Coordination and control whole office work.
     I am also doing all Admin work of our office.
     I am also Make Salary on ERP Software.
     I have also knowledge/ working on software (ERP, CRM) etc.
     I am also handling HR Responsibility also as like ESIC, PF return etc.


 ACHIEVEMENT & EXTRA-CURRICULUM ACTIVITIES

     Participated in combined Annual Function & Football Team of State level.




 SOFWARE KNOWN

 Good Knowledge of MS Office (MS Word, Power Point, Excel, Outlook)
 Efficient Internet Serving
 CRM, ERP

 OPERATING SYSTEMS KNOWN

     Windows(98,Xp,Vista, 7, 8, 10)

 STRENGTHS
  

     Team Player and Quick Learner
     Highly Positive Attitude & Orientation
     Ready for Challenges
     Hard Working and Dedicated
     Matured System Approach
     Good Communicator
      Proficient with various technologies including mobile devices


 HOBBIES

     Traveling, listening soft music, making new friends
     Watching & Playing Cricket.

 PERSONAL PROFILE

    Date of Birth              :       16 July 1987
    Fathers Name              :       Shri Madan Lal
    Gender                     :       Male
   Marital Status           :      Married
   Languages                :      English & Hindi
   Permanent address        :      H.no-2455 Gautampuri Phase-1 Badarpur Delhi-44
   Mobile                   :      7835963739
   E-mail                   :      gaj.inder.jeet@gmail.com

 DECLARATION

    I consider my self-familiar with Supervisor Aspects. Iam also confident of my
     ability to work in a team. .


Expt Salary: Negotiable

Place : New Delhi
Date :                                                            (GAJRAJ SINGH)
