GANGANBOINA AVINASH BABU
              Mobile: 9885353558 ~ E-Mail: avinashbabu.hr@gmail.com



Career Objective:

      To pursue the challenging opportunities in exciting Human resource domain
with at most interest, dedication and I would like utilize my attitude, professional
approach, qualities such as openness, respect, empathy, listening to achieve new
heights in this career.

Professional Synopsis:

   A Competent & result driven HR Professional 7 years of experience in HR
    activities, which Includes Employee Relations, Payrolls, Attrition reports,
    Manpower planning, Recruitments, Operations, Offer Generation, Induction,
    Maintaining MIS Reports and Team Management.
   An effective communicator & Team player with excellent relationship building &
    interpersonal skills. Strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities.
    Possess a flexible & detail oriented attitude.
   Adept at handling day to day administrative activities in co-ordination with
    internal / external departments for smooth business operations. .

Core Competencies:

#Performance Appraisals                                   #Employee      Engagement
#Recruitment & Selection
#Training & Development               #Employee Relations                       #Time
Management
#Payroll Management                                             #Talent Acquisition
#Grievance Management

Key Responsibilities Handled:


       Induction and Joining Formalities
       HR Policies, Procedures, & Processes
       Training & Development
       Employee & Employer Relations
       HR Policies, Procedures, & Processes:
       Employee & Employer Relations
       Compensation & Benefits
       Attendance, Payroll & Salary Administration
       Full & Final Settlement and Exit Formalities
       Recruitment Life Cycle
Professional Experience: Present job

From October 2014 till date:

- October 2014 to March 2016  Sr Associate  HRIS
- March 2016 to till date  Manager  Human Resource



1) Currently Working for Ducere Technologies as Manager-HR, from 20 th
October 2014. Ducere and LeChal has been recognized globally as a
pioneer    and   an    innovative    brand     in   wearable    technology.     Where
affordability, availability, and the simplicity of a product, flawlessly
engineered to suit your needs are developed

Company profile: The Hyderabad-based Company was set up in 2011 with the aim
of taking wearable technology to the people. Duceres mission and vision is
perfectly encapsulated in its tagline
                                 Innovated In India.

This tagline not only refers to our roots and ambitions, but also speaks to the
companys core, which is a focus on path-breaking design and engineering.
Tinkerers and thinkers of all stripes and from all fields  industrial design, robotics,
mechanical engineering, visual communications, computer engineering, ui/ux
design.


Job Profile: Responsible for recruiting, screening, interviewing and placing
workers. Also Personnel, training & development, performance management,
compensation & benefits handle employee relations, payroll and benefits and
training. Handling entire HR function includes Recruitment, Selection and
Induction & Orientation of new, employee attendance, preparations &
inspections of all related records & registers exit Process and maintenance of
HR records



From August 2010 to October 2014:

2) Worked at Mithra Group of Companies, Narayanguda, Hyderabad as a
Sr HR-Executive - Human Resources from 1 st August 2010 to 18th
October 2014.
Company Profile: Mithra Group of Companies are the authorized Dealers for
M/s Cummins India Limited, L&T, Voltas, Atlas Copco.. Carrying business over
all Andhra Pradesh & Telangana from Vijayawada, Hyderabad &
Visakhapatnam having branches at different locations. Providing first class
customer services to their clients any time any location beyond expectations
from 40 years.

Job Profile: Overall responsibility for Employee Life Cycle Management of
more than 700 employees. Handling entire HR function includes Recruitment,
Selection and Induction & Orientation of new Personnel, training &
development, performance management, compensation & benefits,
employee attendance, preparations & inspections of all related records &
registers exit Process and maintenance of HR records.


Summary of Education:

Masters of Business Administration (Human Resource & Marketing)
                      2010
Avanthi PG College, (Affiliated to Osmania University) Hyderabad with 64.38 %
Bachelor of Commerce (Computers)
2008
SVG Degree College, (Affiliated to Osmania University), Hyderabad with 60 %


Skills and Proficiency:

Accounting Packages        :   Tally
Operating System          :    WINDOWS 98/XP.



Curriculum Project:

Project Title: Corporate Social Responsibility
Industry        : The Singareni collieries Company Ltd.
Description     : To know the impact of welfare measures taken up by the company
                of its employees as well as on the society.

Accomplishments:

      Team leader award during Management meet of M.B.A called Abhyass 09.
      Participated in National level seminars and Management meets.

Personal Profile:

Date of Birth           : 16 th April 1985.
Linguistic ability : English, Telugu, Hindi,
Permanent address : S/o G. Sathyanarayana, 1-7-842/4, Ramnagar, Musheerabad,
Hyderabad,           .                          Telanagana- 500020
References           : Available upon Request

Declaration:

     I here by declare that the information given herewith is correct to my
knowledge and I will responsible for any discrepancy.

Place: Hyderabad,
Date:
(G. Avinash Babu)
