Dear Sir/Madam,

I am Asst. Manager Admin & security, presently working with ITC limited
in Haridwar. I have around 8 years of experience and I am a professional
in Administration and Security Management besides other multi-tasking
abilities from my experience in the industry.


I am interested in the opening advertised and submit my resume for
consideration. I am sure that I will prove my worth if given a chance.


Regards,
Gurvinder Singh




Gurvinder Singh                                        Email:
gurvinder.singh6568@gmail.com
                                                                                 Contact Number: 9917955797
                                                                                 Address: Lane No-4 THDC Colony
                                                                                 Ranipur, Haridwar, Uttarakhand




 Objective : Seeking assignments in Administration Management to enhance skills and potential of
 self and colleagues to make valuable contribution to the growth of organization.


 Key Skills

 General Adminstration ,Human Resource Mgmt and Employee Relations, Information,Physical &
 Environment Security.



 Summary of Skills and Experience

       Presently serving with ITC Limited, 08 Yrs of diversified professional experience in different
        assignments.

General Administration
       Provision of high level administrative support involving efficient management of office equipment,
        communication instruments, office automation, office administration.
       Planning & budgeting the administration expenses, supervising budgeting & MIS of the complete
        administrative functions, cost monitoring and control.
       Developing Vendors, Selection of vendors & service providers, Negotiating and finalization of
        AMCs.
       Expertise in drafting, formulating, implementing and reviewing Policies, Directives, Standard
        Operating Procedures vis--vis Financial, HR and Facility Administration.
       Liaison with civil administration, Local Bodies, NGOs & Other Agencies.
       Negotiations with tenants/vendors/service providers.



 Security Management

       Addressing the security needs of the 3 major industrial plants. Workmen strength of 4500.
       Responsible for advising the Management on all security related matters and Law enforcement and other
        Public authorities, creating security awareness, conducting Audit & Risk assessments and Investigations.
       Training of employees in security and safety aspects and apprising them about the latest threats.
       Carried out Audit and Risk-assessment in physical and Information security of all 3 plants. Part of team in
        OSHA certification of the plant and various safety audits.
       In-house investigation of pilferage and theft cases and recommendation of remedial measures to various
        departments.
       Carried out Investigation and fraud detection in various units of plant to stop pilferage and plug in loop holes.
       Conducting Mock Drills to simulate site wide emergency and improving the reaction time to handle the
        emergency.
       Well versed with latest Security Equipment, Processes & Methodology including CCTV
        Surveillance, Biometric Control Measures.
       Expert in aspects of Vigilance, Surveillance, Anti-Sabotage, Espionage, Interrogation, Development
        & Operation of Sources
       Physical security - guarding, automation, Access Control Systems (Biometrics and PIR sensors),
        Surveillance System (CCTV and LAN cameras), Perimeter Systems.
      Infrastructure Protection.  Analyze security requirements at real estate sites/manufacturing facilities
       and coordinate execution.

Human Resource Management

      Designing manpower planning, training and development strategies together with legal and
       disciplinary matters.
      Ensuring prompt resolution of grievances to maintain cordial management relations.
      Communication skills for effective relationship building, negotiation, analytical skills and leadership
       abilities with the exposure of working in computerized environment.
      An effective communicator & team player/ leader with exceptional Team Development, Supervision,
       problem solving & organizational abilities.



Achievements

      Appreciated by the Management for effectively handling the industrial strike, which lasted for more
       than two months, managing end to end operations when plant personnel were shifted to alternate
       sites ,without and loss of life and property.
      Handled the agitation carried out by employees during the industrial unrest with total workers participation in
       thousands.
      Arrangement for exclusive security covers to the Management, during agitation by local socio-political
       leaders.
      Liaison with government officials and other higher authorities at different levels in civil
       administration.



Jay Ace Technologies ltd
Sr. Executive HR & Admin                                               ________                 _ Oct2010-2012


Statutory & Liaison

      Handling the documentation of monthly and yearly returns of ESI & PF.
      Liaison with Govt. authorities i.e. advocates, Fire officers, and other concern dept.
      To maintain and checking all the records related to personnel dept. i.e. PF leader, ESI records, OT
       records, Time office , Factory Act, Salary & wages, NOC of Fire safety, statutory form of new
       worker & staff including personal files.
      Preparation of payroll including the overtime issues as well as full & final settlement.
      Dealing with leave matters of the employees and controlling absenteeism by regular counseling.
      Looking after the recruitment & selection procedure of non-managerial staff that includes the
       manpower planning, interaction with external agencies, screening, interviewing, and verification of
       references.
      Induction of new employees, retaining of the employee and also conducting exit interview of the
       employees.
      Keep a close eye on each and every worker in the factory in order to maintain strictly discipline and
       motivation of workers towards higher and qualitative productivity.

Administration

      Dealing the day to day grievances in the factory regarding canteen (food & tea quality, timing etc.),
      Housekeeping, Transportation availability, manpower strength.
      Dealing with security related work i.e. Deployment, guard strength, gate house problems & give
       recommendation regarding changes in security design to top management.
      Developing Vendors, Selection of vendors & service providers, Negotiating and finalization of
       AMCs.

G4S Security Services
Asst. Operation Manager                                                              Nov2008-Oct2010

Major Clients
   Havells, Shantikunj, Ananda in the Himalayas, Kashvi industries, ING Bank, Vodafone, Calsberg
      Bioveda, Wipro.

Major Cities/ Town
   Ponta sahib, Massoorie, Narender nagar, Koatdwar, Joshimath, Haridwar, Roorkee, Dehradun

Area of Responsibility
    Total area covered 600 sq. km

Professional Courses Done
    Risk Analysis, Security survey and Audit, Hospital security course

Key Responsibilities

      Plan, organize, conduct and control the guarding operations as per the laid down policy.
      Monitor the operation and train the employees for professional service.
      Carry out a critical study (risk analysis & survey) of each assignment and identify grey areas.
      Meet the client at regular intervals, maintain harmonious relations & provide satisfactory services.
      Liaisons with local administration and govt. authorities i.e. Labour office, PF, ESIC, POLICE, FIRE
       OFFICE, HOSPITALS for functioning.
      Responsible for searching the source of recruitment & recruit the individual as per the requirement of
       the site and the client.
      Maintain all the registers required under the contract labour act.
       Form 13 (Workmen register)
              16 (Muster roll)
              17 (Wages register)
              20 (Deduction for damage & loss)
              21 (Register of fines)
              22 (Register of advance)
              23 (Register of overtime)
      Preparing ESIC challans & submit half yearly return.
      Preparing EPF challans & submit monthly & yearly return.
Academic Qualification



            Qualification                               Institute                       Year
  Master in Business Administration
                                          Uttaranchal Institute of Management          2006-08
    (Full Time)
  B.com                                   SMJN (PG) College                            2003-05




      Personal Detail

       Father Name                    :     Prem Singh

       Marital Status                 :     Married

       DOB                            :     03 Dec 1983

       Nationality                    :     Indian

       Permanent Address              :     Lane No4 THDC Ranipur Haridwar

       Language Known                 :     Hindi, English, Punjabi
       Hobbies                        :     Meeting People & sharing cultural views,
                                            Facing Challenges.




       Place: Haridwar                                                (GURVINDER SINGH)
